---
layout: blog
title: "AWS 128: Quiz 12 ; Amazon Security Advanced"
date: 2026-04-17T14:01:24.701Z
---



<style>
  .correct{
        color: #9C27B0;
    -webkit-box-shadow: 5px 5px 20px 5px #FF19FD;
    box-shadow: 0px 2px 11px 4px #FF19FD;
    border-radius: 10%;
    margin: 14px;
  }
  </style>

## Introduction


This week's blog post contains a quiz focused on Security topics relevant to the **AWS Certified Developer** Associate exam.

## Topics Covered
- [AWS Security Best Practices](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security/)
- [AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iam/)
- [AWS Certified Developer Associate Exam Guide](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-developer-associate/)
- [AWS Security Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-hub/)

> 💡 **Tip:** These are questions very similar to the ones you will get in the exam

<h4> Question: 1 You are running workloads on AWS and have embedded RDS database connection strings within each web server hosting your applications. After failing a security audit, you are looking at a different approach to store your secrets securely and automatically rotate the database credentials.

Which AWS service can you use to address this use-case? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>KMS</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Secrets Manager</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> AWS Secrets Manager enables you to easily rotate, manage, and retrieve database credentials, API keys, and other secrets throughout their lifecycle. Users and applications retrieve secrets with a call to Secrets Manager APIs, eliminating the need to hardcode sensitive information in plain text. Secrets Manager offers secret rotation with built-in integration for Amazon RDS, Amazon Redshift, and Amazon DocumentDB. </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>SSM Parameter Store</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Systems Manager</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 2 A development team wants to deploy an AWS Lambda function that requires significant CPU utilization.

As a Developer Associate, which of the following would you suggest for reducing the average runtime of the function? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Deploy the function into multiple AWS Regions</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Deploy the function using Lambda layers</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Deploy the function with its CPU allocation set to the maximum amount</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Deploy the function with its memory allocation set to the maximum amount</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> Configuring function memory from AWS console:

via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-memory.html </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 3 A company has built its technology stack on AWS serverless architecture for managing all its business functions. To expedite development for a new business requirement, the company is looking at using pre-built serverless applications.

Which AWS service represents the easiest solution to address this use-case? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>AWS Serverless Application Repository (SAR)</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> AWS Serverless Application Repository (SAR) - The AWS Serverless Application Repository is a managed repository for serverless applications. It enables teams, organizations, and individual developers to store and share reusable applications, and easily assemble and deploy serverless architectures in powerful new ways. Using the Serverless Application Repository, you don't need to clone, build, package, or publish source code to AWS before deploying it. Instead, you can use pre-built applications from the Serverless Application Repository in your serverless architectures, helping you and your teams reduce duplicated work, ensure organizational best practices, and get to market faster. Integration with AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) provides resource-level control of each application, enabling you to publicly share applications with everyone or privately share them with specific AWS accounts. </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS Marketplace</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS Service Catalog</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS AppSync</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  <h4> Question: 4 A global e-commerce company wants to perform geographic load testing of its order processing API. The company must deploy resources to multiple AWS Regions to support the load testing of the API.

How can the company address these requirements without additional application code? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Set up an AWS Organizations template that defines the load test resources across the organization. Leverage the AWS CLI create-stack-set command to create a stack set in the desired Regions</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up an AWS CloudFormation template that defines the load test resources. Leverage the AWS CLI create-stack-set command to create a stack set in the desired Regions</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> Overall explanationCorrect option:

Set up an AWS CloudFormation template that defines the load test resources. Leverage the AWS CLI create-stack-set command to create a stack set in the desired Regions

AWS CloudFormation StackSets extends the capability of stacks by enabling you to create, update, or delete stacks across multiple accounts and AWS Regions with a single operation. Using an administrator account, you define and manage an AWS CloudFormation template, and use the template as the basis for provisioning stacks into selected target accounts across specified AWS Regions.


via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/what-is-cfnstacksets.html

A stack set lets you create stacks in AWS accounts across regions by using a single CloudFormation template. A stack set's CloudFormation template defines all the resources in each stack. As you create the stack set, specify the template to use, in addition to any parameters and capabilities that the template requires.

After you've defined a stack set, you can create, update, or delete stacks in the target accounts and AWS Regions you specify.


via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/stacksets-concepts.html

Incorrect options:

Set up an AWS CloudFormation template that defines the load test resources. Develop region-specific Lambda functions to create a stack from the AWS CloudFormation template in each Region when the respective function is invoked - If you do not use a stack set, then you need to define the CloudFormation templates in each region as well as develop lambda functions in each region to create a stack from the corresponding CloudFormation template. This is unnecessary bloat that can be avoided by simply using the CloudFormation StackSets.

Set up an AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK) ToolKit that defines the load test resources. Leverage the CDK CLI to create a stack from the template in each Region - AWS CDK is a framework for defining cloud infrastructure in code and provisioning it through AWS CloudFormation. The CDK Toolkit again poses regional limitations and is not the right fit for the given use case.

Set up an AWS Organizations template that defines the load test resources across the organization. Leverage the AWS CLI create-stack-set command to create a stack set in the desired Regions - This option acts as a distractor. AWS Organizations cannot be used to create templates for provisioning AWS infrastructure. AWS Organizations is an account management service that enables you to consolidate multiple AWS accounts into an organization that you create and centrally manage.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_introduction.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/stacksets-concepts.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/what-is-cfnstacksets.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up an AWS CloudFormation template that defines the load test resources. Develop region-specific Lambda functions to create a stack from the AWS CloudFormation template in each Region when the respective function is invoked</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up an AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK) ToolKit that defines the load test resources. Leverage the CDK CLI to create a stack from the template in each Region</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  
  <h4> Question: 5 A global e-commerce company wants to perform geographic load testing of its order processing API. The company must deploy resources to multiple AWS Regions to support the load testing of the API.

How can the company address these requirements without additional application code? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Set up an AWS Organizations template that defines the load test resources across the organization. Leverage the AWS CLI create-stack-set command to create a stack set in the desired Regions</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up an AWS CloudFormation template that defines the load test resources. Leverage the AWS CLI create-stack-set command to create a stack set in the desired Regions</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> Set up an AWS CloudFormation template that defines the load test resources. Leverage the AWS CLI create-stack-set command to create a stack set in the desired Regions </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up an AWS CloudFormation template that defines the load test resources. Develop region-specific Lambda functions to create a stack from the AWS CloudFormation template in each Region when the respective function is invoked</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up an AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK) ToolKit that defines the load test resources. Leverage the CDK CLI to create a stack from the template in each Region</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  <h4> Question: 6 A cybersecurity firm wants to run their applications on single-tenant hardware to meet security guidelines.

Which of the following is the MOST cost-effective way of isolating their Amazon EC2 instances to a single tenant? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Dedicated Hosts</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>On-Demand Instances</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Spot Instances</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Dedicated Instances</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> Dedicated Instances - Dedicated Instances are Amazon EC2 instances that run in a virtual private cloud (VPC) on hardware that's dedicated to a single customer. Dedicated Instances that belong to different AWS accounts are physically isolated at a hardware level, even if those accounts are linked to a single-payer account. However, Dedicated Instances may share hardware with other instances from the same AWS account that are not Dedicated Instances. </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 7 An E-commerce business, has its applications built on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances, spread across various Regions and AZs. The technical team has suggested using Elastic Load Balancers for better architectural design.

What characteristics of an Elastic Load Balancer make it a winning choice? (Select two) </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Improve vertical scalability of the system</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Deploy EC2 instances across multiple AWS Regions</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>The Load Balancer communicates with the underlying EC2 instances using their public IPs</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Build a highly available system</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> Correct options:

A load balancer accepts incoming traffic from clients and routes requests to its registered targets (such as EC2 instances) in one or more Availability Zones. The load balancer also monitors the health of its registered targets and ensures that it routes traffic only to healthy targets. When the load balancer detects an unhealthy target, it stops routing traffic to that target. It then resumes routing traffic to that target when it detects that the target is healthy again.

Elastic Load Balancing supports three types of load balancers:

Application Load Balancers

Network Load Balancers

Classic Load Balancers

Separate public traffic from private traffic - The nodes of an internet-facing load balancer have public IP addresses. Load balancers route requests to your targets using private IP addresses. Therefore, your targets do not need public IP addresses to receive requests from users over the internet.

Build a highly available system - Elastic Load Balancing provides fault tolerance for your applications by automatically balancing traffic across targets – Amazon EC2 instances, containers, IP addresses, and Lambda functions – in multiple Availability Zones while ensuring only healthy targets receive traffic.

Incorrect options:

The Load Balancer communicates with the underlying EC2 instances using their public IPs - This is an incorrect statement. The Load Balancer communicates with the underlying EC2 instances using their private IPs.

Improve vertical scalability of the system - This is an incorrect statement. Elastic Load Balancers can connect with Auto Scaling groups to provide horizontal scaling.

Deploy EC2 instances across multiple AWS Regions - A Load Balancer can target EC2 instances only within an AWS Region.

References:

https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/userguide/how-elastic-load-balancing-works.htm </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Separate public traffic from private traffic</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Correct: </span> Correct options:

A load balancer accepts incoming traffic from clients and routes requests to its registered targets (such as EC2 instances) in one or more Availability Zones. The load balancer also monitors the health of its registered targets and ensures that it routes traffic only to healthy targets. When the load balancer detects an unhealthy target, it stops routing traffic to that target. It then resumes routing traffic to that target when it detects that the target is healthy again.

Elastic Load Balancing supports three types of load balancers:

Application Load Balancers

Network Load Balancers

Classic Load Balancers

Separate public traffic from private traffic - The nodes of an internet-facing load balancer have public IP addresses. Load balancers route requests to your targets using private IP addresses. Therefore, your targets do not need public IP addresses to receive requests from users over the internet.

Build a highly available system - Elastic Load Balancing provides fault tolerance for your applications by automatically balancing traffic across targets – Amazon EC2 instances, containers, IP addresses, and Lambda functions – in multiple Availability Zones while ensuring only healthy targets receive traffic.

Incorrect options:

The Load Balancer communicates with the underlying EC2 instances using their public IPs - This is an incorrect statement. The Load Balancer communicates with the underlying EC2 instances using their private IPs.

Improve vertical scalability of the system - This is an incorrect statement. Elastic Load Balancers can connect with Auto Scaling groups to provide horizontal scaling.

Deploy EC2 instances across multiple AWS Regions - A Load Balancer can target EC2 instances only within an AWS Region.

References:

https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/userguide/how-elastic-load-balancing-works.htm </p>
  </details>

<h4> Question: 8 As an AWS Certified Developer Associate, you have configured the AWS CLI on your workstation. Your default region is us-east-1 and your IAM user has permissions to operate commands on services such as EC2, S3 and RDS in any region. You would like to execute a command to stop an EC2 instance in the us-east-2 region.

What of the following is the MOST optimal solution to address this use-case? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>You should create a new IAM user just for that other region</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>You need to override the default region by using aws configure</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use boto3 dependency injection</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use the --region parameter</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> Use the --region parameter: If the region parameter is not set, then the CLI command is executed against the default AWS region. </p>
  </details>
  
<h4> Question: 9 A development team at a social media company uses AWS Lambda functions for its serverless stack on AWS Cloud. For a new deployment, the Team Lead wants to send only a certain portion of the traffic to a new version of a Lambda function. In case the deployment goes wrong, the solution should also support the ability to roll back to a previous version of the Lambda function, with MIMINUM downtime for the application.

As a Developer Associate, which of the following options would you recommend to address this use-case? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Set up the application to use an alias that points to the current version. Deploy the new version of the code and configure the alias to send 10% of the users to this new version. If the deployment goes wrong, reset the alias to point all traffic to the current version</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> Set up the application to use an alias that points to the current version. Deploy the new version of the code and configure the alias to send 10% of the users to this new version. If the deployment goes wrong, reset the alias to point all traffic to the current version </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up the application to use an alias that points to the current version. Deploy the new version of the code and configure alias to send all users to this new version. If the deployment goes wrong, reset the alias to point to the current version</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up the application to have multiple alias of the Lambda function. Deploy the new version of the code. Configure a new alias that points to the current alias of the Lambda function for handling 10% of the traffic. If the deployment goes wrong, reset the new alias to point all traffic to the most recent working alias of the Lambda function</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up the application to directly deploy the new Lambda version. If the deployment goes wrong, reset the application back to the current version using the version number in the ARN</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 10 A firm runs its technology operations on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The firm needs a certain software to be available on the instances to support their daily workflows. The developer team has been told to use the user data feature of EC2 instances.

Which of the following are true about the user data EC2 configuration? ( Select two) </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>By default, scripts entered as user data are executed with root user privileges</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> Overall explanation
Correct options:

User Data is generally used to perform common automated configuration tasks and even run scripts after the instance starts. When you launch an instance in Amazon EC2, you can pass two types of user data - shell scripts and cloud-init directives. You can also pass this data into the launch wizard as plain text or as a file.

By default, scripts entered as user data are executed with root user privileges - Scripts entered as user data are executed as the root user, hence do not need the sudo command in the script. Any files you create will be owned by root; if you need non-root users to have file access, you should modify the permissions accordingly in the script.

By default, user data runs only during the boot cycle when you first launch an instance - By default, user data scripts and cloud-init directives run only during the boot cycle when you first launch an instance. You can update your configuration to ensure that your user data scripts and cloud-init directives run every time you restart your instance.

Incorrect options:

By default, user data is executed every time an EC2 instance is re-started - As discussed above, this is not a default configuration of the system. But, can be achieved by explicitly configuring the instance.

When an instance is running, you can update user data by using root user credentials - You can't change the user data if the instance is running (even by using root user credentials), but you can view it.

By default, scripts entered as user data do not have root user privileges for executing - Scripts entered as user data are executed as the root user, hence do not need the sudo command in the script.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/user-data.html. </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>By default, user data runs only during the boot cycle when you first launch an instance</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct: </span> 

User Data is generally used to perform common automated configuration tasks and even run scripts after the instance starts. When you launch an instance in Amazon EC2, you can pass two types of user data - shell scripts and cloud-init directives. You can also pass this data into the launch wizard as plain text or as a file.

By default, scripts entered as user data are executed with root user privileges - Scripts entered as user data are executed as the root user, hence do not need the sudo command in the script. Any files you create will be owned by root; if you need non-root users to have file access, you should modify the permissions accordingly in the script.

By default, user data runs only during the boot cycle when you first launch an instance - By default, user data scripts and cloud-init directives run only during the boot cycle when you first launch an instance. You can update your configuration to ensure that your user data scripts and cloud-init directives run every time you restart your instance.

Incorrect options:

By default, user data is executed every time an EC2 instance is re-started - As discussed above, this is not a default configuration of the system. But, can be achieved by explicitly configuring the instance.

When an instance is running, you can update user data by using root user credentials - You can't change the user data if the instance is running (even by using root user credentials), but you can view it.

By default, scripts entered as user data do not have root user privileges for executing - Scripts entered as user data are executed as the root user, hence do not need the sudo command in the script.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/user-data.html</p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>By default, user data is executed every time an EC2 instance is re-started</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>By default, scripts entered as user data do not have root user privileges for executing</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>When an instance is running, you can update user data by using root user credentials</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 11 The development team at a company creates serverless solutions using AWS Lambda. Functions are invoked by clients via AWS API Gateway which anyone can access. The team lead would like to control access using a 3rd party authorization mechanism.

As a Developer Associate, which of the following options would you recommend for the given use-case? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Cognito User Pools</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Lambda Authorizer</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> "Lambda Authorizer" </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>API Gateway User Pools</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>IAM permissions with sigv4</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
<h4> Question: 12 A developer is configuring a bucket policy that denies upload object permission to any requests that do not include the x-amz-server-side-encryption header requesting server-side encryption with SSE-KMS for an Amazon S3 bucket  - examplebucket.

Which of the following policies is the right fit for the given requirement? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary><code>{
   "Version":"2012-10-17",
   "Id":"PutObjectPolicy",
   "Statement":[{
         "Sid":"DenyUnEncryptedObjectUploads",
         "Effect":"Deny",
         "Principal":"*",
         "Action":"s3:PutObject",
         "Resource":"arn:aws:s3:::examplebucket/*",
         "Condition":{
            "StringEquals":{
               "s3:x-amz-server-side-encryption":"aws:kms"
            }
         }
      }
   ]
}</code></summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary><code>{
   "Version":"2012-10-17",
   "Id":"PutObjectPolicy",
   "Statement":[{
         "Sid":"DenyUnEncryptedObjectUploads",
         "Effect":"Deny",
         "Principal":"*",
         "Action":"s3:PutObject",
         "Resource":"arn:aws:s3:::examplebucket/*",
         "Condition":{
            "StringNotEquals":{
               "s3:x-amz-server-side-encryption":"false"
            }
         }
      }
   ]
}</code></summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary><code>{
   "Version":"2012-10-17",
   "Id":"PutObjectPolicy",
   "Statement":[{
         "Sid":"DenyUnEncryptedObjectUploads",
         "Effect":"Deny",
         "Principal":"*",
         "Action":"s3:PutObject",
         "Resource":"arn:aws:s3:::examplebucket/*",
         "Condition":{
            "StringNotEquals":{
               "s3:x-amz-server-side-encryption":"aws:kms"
            }
         }
      }
   ]
}</code></summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> This bucket policy denies upload object (s3:PutObject) permission if the request does not include the x-amz-server-side-encryption header requesting server-side encryption with SSE-KMS.</p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary><code>{
   "Version":"2012-10-17",
   "Id":"PutObjectPolicy",
   "Statement":[{
         "Sid":"DenyUnEncryptedObjectUploads",
         "Effect":"Deny",
         "Principal":"*",
         "Action":"s3:GetObject",
         "Resource":"arn:aws:s3:::examplebucket/*",
         "Condition":{
            "StringNotEquals":{
               "s3:x-amz-server-side-encryption":"aws:AES256"
            }
         }
      }
   ]
}</code></summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>


How did you do? 

## Recap

Based off the previous posts in the series, we have covered the following topics:

- [AWS 1: BookClub Overview](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws/)
- [AWS 2: Getting Started](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-23-aws-2-getting-started/)
- [AWS 3: UI Guide and Walk through](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-27-aws-3-UI-guide-and-walkthrough)
- [AWS 4: IAM Creating Users and Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-28-aws-4-IAM)
- [AWS 5: IAM Policies](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-03-aws-5-IAM-polices)
- [AWS 6: Quiz 1 ](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws-quiz-one)
- [AWS 7: AWS CLI , How to install the CLI](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-10-03-aws-7-cli)
- [AWS 8: Access keys](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-10-03-aws-8-access-keys)
- [AWS 9: AWS roles](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-17-aws-9-roles)
- [AWS 10: EC2 Introduction](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-24-aws-10-EC2/)
- [AWS 11: EC2 View and Instance Types](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-03-aws-11-EC2-View-and-instance-types)
- [AWS 12: Security Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-10-aws-12-security-groups)
- [AWS 13: EC2 SSH-ing into an instance](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-17-aws-13-ssh)
- [AWS 14: Instance Connect](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-24-aws-14-instance-connect)
- [AWS 15: EC2 Purchasing Options](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-31-aws-15-EC2-purchasing-options)
- [AWS 16: EBS Overview and Hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-14-aws-16-EBS-Overview-and-Hands-On)
- [AWS 17: EBS Snapshots](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-21-aws-17-ebs-snapshots)
- [AWS 18: AMI Overview](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-28-aws-18-ami)
- [AWS 19: AMI Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-02-aws-19-AMI-Hands-On)
- [AWS 20: EC2 Instance Stores](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-09-aws-20-EC2-Instance-Store)
- [AWS 21: EBS Volume types](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-16-aws-21-EBS-volume-types)
- [AWS: 22: EBS Multi Attach](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-23-aws-22-EBS-Multi-Attach)
- [AWS: 23: EFS Elastic File System](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-30-aws-23-EFS-Elastic-File-System)
- [AWS 24: EFS Hands On](https://magicishasblog.netlify.app/2023-07-07-aws-24-EFS-Hands-On)
- [AWS 25: EFS vs EBS](https://magicishasblog.netlify.app/2023-07-14-aws-25-EFS-vs-EBS)
- [AWS 26: Quiz 2](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-2/2023-07-21-aws-26-quiz-2/)
- [AWS 27: High availability and Scalability ](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/section6/2023-07-28-high_availability_and_scalability/)
- [AWS 28: Elastic Load Balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-08-11-aws-28-elastic-load-balancing/)
- [AWS 29: Application Load Balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-08-18-aws-29-applicaton-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 30: Alb hands on (part 1)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-08-25-aws-30-alb-hands-on/)
- [AWS 31: Alb hands on (part 2)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-09-01-aws-31-more-on-alb/)
- [AWS 32: Network load balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/NLB/2023-09-09-aws-32-network-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 33: Network load balancer (hands on)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/NLB/2023-09-15-aws-33-network-load-balancer-hands-on/)
- [AWS 34: Gateway load balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/GatewayLoadBalancer/2023-09-22-aws-34-gateway-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 35: ELB Sticky Sessions](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2022-09-29-aws-35-ELB-Sticky-sessions/)
- [AWS 36: Cross Zone Load Balancing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/CrossZoneLoadBalancing/2023-10-06-aws-36-cross-zone-load-balancing/)
- [AWS 37: ALB SSL Cert](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-10-13-aws-37-ALB-SSL-Cert/)
- [AWS 38: ALB SSL Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-10-20-aws-38-ALB-SSL-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 39: Connection Draining](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-27-10-aws-39-connection-draining/)
- [AWS 40: Auto Scaling Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-10-aws-40-Auto-Scaling-Groups/)
- [AWS 41: Auto Scaling Groups : Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-17-aws-41-auto-scaling-groups-hands-on/)
- [AWS 42: Auto Scaling Groups Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-24-aws-42-Auto-Scaling-Groups-Policy/)
- [AWS 43: Auto Scaling Groups Policy - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-01-aws-43-auto-scaling-groups-hands-on/)
- [AWS 44: Auto Scaling Groups - Instant Refresh](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-08-aws-44-auto-scaling-groups-instant-refresh/)
- [AWS 45: Quiz 3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-3/2023-12-15-aws-45-quiz-3/)
- [AWS 46: RDS Relational Database Service](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-22-aws-46-RDS/)
- [AWS 47: RDS Read Replica Multi Az](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-29-12-aws-47-RDS-read-replica-Multi-Az/)
- [AWS 48: RDS Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-05-01-aws-48-RDS-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 49: Amazon Aurora](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-12-aws-49-Amazon-Aurora/)
- [AWS 50: Amazon Aurora: Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-01-19-aws-50-Amazon-Aurora-hands-on/)
- [AWS 51: Amazon RDS and Amazon Aurora Security](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-01-26-aws-51-Amazon-RDS-and-Amazon-Aurora-Security/)
- [AWS 52: RDS Proxy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-02-02-aws-52-RDS-Proxy/)
- [AWS 53: ElastiCache](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-02-09-aws-53-ElastiCache/)
- [AWS 54: ElastiCache: Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/StructuredClone/2024-02-16-aws-54-ElastiCache-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 55: ElastiCache Strategies](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-01-03-aws-55-ElastiCache-Strategies/)
- [AWS 56: Amazon Memory DB for Redis](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-15-aws-56-AmazonMemoryDB-for-Redis/)
- [AWS 57: Quiz 3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-4/2023-03-22-aws-57-quiz-4/)
- [AWS 58: DNS Name](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-03-12-aws-58-DNS-name/)
- [AWS 59: Route 53](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-04-19-aws-Route53-overview/)
- [AWS 60 Route 53 Registering Domain](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-04-26-aws-60-Route53-registering-domain/)
- [AWS 61 Route 53 Creating First Record](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-03-aws-61-Route53-Creating-First-Record/)
- [AWS 62: Setting up an EC2 instance and ALB with Route 53](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-10-aws-62-setting-up-ec2-instances-and-alb-with-route-53/)
- [AWS 63: Route 53 TTL (Time to Live)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-17-aws-63-Route53-TTL/)
- [AWS 64: Route 53 CNAME and alias records](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-07-aws-64-CNAME-alias-records/)
- [AWS 65: Route 53 simple routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-12-07-aws-65-Route53-simple-routing/)
- [AWS 66: Route 53 weighted routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-19-07-aws-route53-weighted-routing/)
- [AWS 67: Route 53 Latency](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-07-26-aws-67-route53-latency-routing/)
- [AWS 67: Route 53 Latency Routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-07-26-aws-67-route53-latency-routing/)
- [AWS 68: Route 53 Health Checks](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-09-08-aws-68-Route-53-Health-checks/)
- [AWS 69: Route 53 Health Checks , Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-08-16-aws-69-Health-checks-hands-on/)
- [AWS 70: Route 53 route policy failover](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-06-09-aws-71-Route-53-Geolocation-Routing/)
- [AWS 71: Route 53 Geolocation Routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-06-09-aws-71-Route-53-Geolocation-Routing/)
- [AWS 72: Route 53 Geoproximity Routing Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-11-09-aws-72-Route-53-Geoproximity-Routing-Policy/)
- [AWS 73: Route 53 Traffic Flow](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-09-20-aws-73-Route-53-Traffic-Flow/)
- [AWS 74: Route 53 IP Routing Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-09-27-aws-74-Route-53-IP-Routing/)
- [AWS 75: Route 53 Multi Value Routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-04-10-aws-75-Route-53-muti-value-routing/)
- [Quiz 5 : Route 53](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-5/quiz-5/)
- [AWS 76: Domain Registar vs DNS Service](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws-76-Domain-registar-vs-dns-service/)
- [AWS 77: VPC intro](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-01-aws-77-VPC-intro/)
- [AWS 78: Understanding AWS VPC and Subnets](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-15-11-aws-78-VPC/)
- [AWS 79: VPC network ACIS and security group](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-22-aws-79-VPC-network-acls-and-security-groups/)
- [AWS 80: VPC Peering](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-11-29-aws-80-VPC-peering/)
- [AWS 81: VPC Round Up](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-10-01-aws-81-vpc-round-up/)
- [AWS 82: Three Tier Architecture](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-17-01-aws-82-three-tier-architecture/)
- [AWS 83: Quiz 6 VPC](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-6/2025-02-24-aws-83-quiz-6/)
- [AWS 84: Amazon S3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-03-14-aws-84-Amazon-s3/)
- [AWS 85: Amazon s3 Hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-03-21-aws-85-Amazon-s3-hands-on/)
- [AWS 86: s3 security bucket policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-28-03-aws-86-s3-security-bucket-policy/)
- [AWS 87: S3 Buckets - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-04-04-aws-87-s3-bucket-hands-on/)
- [AWS 88: S3 Buckets WebHosting](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-04-11-aws-88-s3-buckets-web-hosting/)
- [AWS 89: Amazon S3 Buckets: Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-04-25-aws-89-s3-website-hands-on/)
- [AWS 90: Amazon S3 Buckets: Versioning](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-02-aws-90-S3-versioning/)
- [AWS 91: Amazon S3 Replication](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-09-aws-91-amazon-s3-replication/)
- [AWS 92: Amazon S3 Replication Rules Notes](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-05-16-aws-92-amazon-s3-replication-notes/)
- [AWS 93: Amazon S3 Replication Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-23-aws-93-amazon-s3-replication-rules-hands-on/)
- [AWS 94: Amazon S3 Storage Classes](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-20-aws-94-s3-storage-classes/)
- [AWS 95: Amazon S£ Storage Classes - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-06-13-aws-95-storage-classes-hands-on/)
- [AWS 96: Quiz 7](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-7/2025-07-04-aws-quiz-7/)
- [AWS 97: EC2 Instance Metadata](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-07-11-aws-97-ec2-instance-metadata/)
- [AWS 98: EC2 Instance Metadata hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-18-07-aws-98-ec2-instance-metadata-hands-on/)
- [AWS 99: CLI Profiles](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-25-07-aws-99-cli-profiles/)
- [AWS 100: CLI MFA IAM](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-01-aws-100-CLI-MFA-IAM/)
- [AWS 101: SDK](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-08-aws-101-sdk/)
- [AWS 102: Exponential Backoff & Service Limit Increase](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-15-aws-102-Exponential-Backoff-&-Service-Limit-Increase/)
- [AWS 103: Credentials-and-Provider-Chain](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-22-aws-103-Credentials-and-Provider-Chain/)
- [Quiz 8](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-8/2025-09-05-aws-quiz-8/)
- [AWS 104: SigV4](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-29-aws-104-SigV4/)
- [AWS 105: Amazon s3 lifecycle Rules](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-10-17-aws-105-s3-amazon-lifecycle/)
- [AWS 106: Amazon s3 lifecycle Rules - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-10-24-196-lifecycles-hands-on/)
- [AWS 107: Amazon s3 event notifications](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-10-31-aws-107-aws-S3-event-notification)
- [AWS 108: Event Notifications Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-11-07-aws-108-event-notification-hands-on/)
- [AWS 109: Amazon s3 performance](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-11-14-aws-109-s3-performance/)
- [AWS 110: Quiz 10](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-10/2015-11-28-Quiz-10/) 
- [AWS 111: Object Encryption](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-12-05-aws-111-S3-Object-Encryption/)
- [AWS 112: Cors](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-12-12-aws-112-AWS-Cors/)
- [AWS 113: Cors Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-12-17-aws-113-Cors-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 114: MFA Delete](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-aws-114-MFA-Delete/)
- [AWS 115: MFA Delete Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-01-06-aws-115-MFA-delete-hands-on/)
- [AWS 116: Amazon S3 Access Logs](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-01-16-aws-116-amazon-s3-access-LOGS/)
- [AWS 117: Amazon S3 Access Logs - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-23-01-aws-117-access-logs-hands-on/)
- [AWS 118: Amazon S3 Pre-signed URLS](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-01-30-aws-118-pre-signed-urls/)
- [AWS 119: Amazon S3 Pre-signed URLS Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-06-02-aws-119-pre-signed-urls-hands-on/)
- [AWS 120: Amazon S3 Access Points](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-12-02-13-aws-120-access-points/)
- [AWS 121: Amazon S3 Object lambdas](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-02-20-aws-121-s3-object-lambdas/)
- [AWS 122: Quiz 11: Amazon S3 Security](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-11/2026-02-20-Quiz-11/)
- [AWS 123: Amazon CloudFront](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-06-aws-123-Amazon-CloudFront/)
- [AWS 124: Amazon CloudFront - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-13-aws-124-CloudFront-HandsOn/)
- [AWS 125: CloudFront Caching](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-20-aws-125-Amazon-Cloudfront-Caching/)
- [AWS 126: CloudFront Invalidations](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-27-aws-126-CloudFront-cache-invalidations/)
- [AWS 127: Cache Behaviors](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-04-10-aws-127-CloudFront-Cache-Behaviors/)