---
layout: blog
title: "AWS 45: Quiz 3"
date: 2023-12-15T15:56:21.830Z
---

## Introduction

Click on the correct answer.
Quiz is covering the Elastic Load Balancer (ELB) and Auto Scaling Groups (ASG)

<style>
  .correct{
        color: #9C27B0;
    -webkit-box-shadow: 5px 5px 20px 5px #FF19FD;
    box-shadow: 0px 2px 11px 4px #FF19FD;
    border-radius: 10%;
    margin: 14px;
  }
  </style>

<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>Document</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <main class="quiz">
    <h4> Question 1: Scaling an EC2 instance from r4.large to r4.4xlarge is called ..................... </h4><details><summary>Vertical Scalability</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> Nice Job.</p></details><details><summary>Horizontal Scalability</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 2: Running an application on an Auto Scaling Group that scales the number of EC2 instances in and out is called ..................... </h4><details><summary>Horizontal Scalability</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> Nice Job.</p></details><details><summary>Vertical Scalability</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 3: Elastic Load Balancers provide a ....................... </h4><details><summary>static IPv6 we can use in our application</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>static IPv4 we can use in our application</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>static DNS name we can use in our application</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> Only Network Load Balancer provides both static DNS name and static IP. While, Application Load Balancer provides a static DNS name but it does NOT provide a static IP. The reason being that AWS wants your Elastic Load Balancer to be accessible using a static endpoint, even if the underlying infrastructure that AWS manages changes.</p></details>
    <h4> Question 4: You are running a website on 10 EC2 instances fronted by an Elastic Load Balancer. Your users are complaining about the fact that the website always asks them to re-authenticate when they are moving between website pages. You are puzzled because it's working just fine on your machine and in the Dev environment with 1 EC2 instance. What could be the reason? </h4><details><summary>The EC2 instances log out users as they can't see their IP addresses, instead, they receive ELB IP addresses.</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>The Elastic Load Balancer does not have Sticky Sessions enabled</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> ELB Sticky Session feature ensures traffic for the same client is always redirected to the same target (e.g., EC2 instance). This helps that the client does not lose his session data.</p></details><details><summary>Your website must have an issue when hosted on multiple EC2 instances</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 5: You are using an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic to your website hosted on EC2 instances. It turns out that your website only sees traffic coming from private IPv4 addresses which are in fact your Application Load Balancer's IP addresses. What should you do to get the IP address of clients connected to your website? </h4><details><summary>Modify your website's backend to get the client IP address from X-Forwarded-For header</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> When using an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic to your EC2 instances, the IP address you'll receive requests from will be the ALB's private IP addresses. To get the client's IP address, ALB adds an additional header called X-Forwarded-For contains the client's IP address.</p></details><details><summary>Modify your website's backend to get the client IP address from X-Forwarded-Proto header</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Modify your website's frontend so that users send their IP in every request</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Modify your website's backend to get the client IP address from X-Forwarded-Port header</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 6: You hosted an application on a set of EC2 instances fronted by an Elastic Load Balancer. A week later, users begin complaining that sometimes the application just doesn't work. You investigate the issue and found that some EC2 instances crash from time to time. What should you do to protect users from connecting to the EC2 instances that are crashing? </h4><details><summary>Enable ELB Health Checks</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> When you enable ELB Health Checks, your ELB won't send traffic to unhealthy (crashed) EC2 instances.</p></details><details><summary>Enable ELB Stickiness</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Enable Cross-Zone Load Balancing</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Enable SSL Termination</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 7: You are working as a Solutions Architect for a company and you are required to design an architecture for a high-performance, low-latency application that will receive millions of requests per second. Which type of Elastic Load Balancer should you choose? </h4><details><summary>Classic Load Balancer</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Application Load Balancer</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Network Load Balancer</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> Network Load Balancer provides the highest performance and lowest latency if your application needs it.</p></details>
    <h4> Question 8: Application Load Balancers support the following protocols, EXCEPT: </h4><details><summary>TCP</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> Network Load Balancers support both TCP and UDP protocols.</p></details><details><summary>WebSocket</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>HTTP</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>HTTPS</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 9: Application Load Balancers can route traffic to different Target Groups based on the following, EXCEPT: </h4><details><summary>Client's Location (Geography)</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> ALBs can route traffic to different Target Groups based on URL Path, Hostname, HTTP Headers, and Query Strings.</p></details><details><summary>Hostname</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Source IP Address</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Request URL Path</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 10: Registered targets in a Target Groups for an Application Load Balancer can be one of the following, EXCEPT: </h4><details><summary>EC2 Instances</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Private IP Addresses</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Network Load Balancer</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> Nice Job.</p></details><details><summary>Lambda Functions</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 11: For compliance purposes, you would like to expose a fixed static IP address to your end-users so that they can write firewall rules that will be stable and approved by regulators. What type of Elastic Load Balancer would you choose? </h4><details><summary>Network Load Balancer</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> Network Load Balancer has one static IP address per AZ and you can attach an Elastic IP address to it. Application Load Balancers and Classic Load Balancers as a static DNS name.</p></details><details><summary>Application Load Balancer with an Elastic IP attached to it</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Classic Load Balancer</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 12: You want to create a custom application-based cookie in your Application Load Balancer. Which of the following you can use as a cookie name? </h4><details><summary>AWSALB</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>APPUSERC</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> The following cookie names are reserved by the ELB (AWSALB, AWSALBAPP, AWSALBTG).</p></details><details><summary>AWSALBTG</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>AWSALBAPP</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 13: You have a Network Load Balancer that distributes traffic across a set of EC2 instances in us-east-1. You have 2 EC2 instances in us-east-1b AZ and 5 EC2 instances in us-east-1e AZ. You have noticed that the CPU utilization is higher in the EC2 instances in us-east-1b AZ. After more investigation, you noticed that the traffic is equally distributed across the two AZs. How would you solve this problem? </h4><details><summary>Enable SSL Termination</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Enable Cross-Zone Load Balancing</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> When Cross-Zone Load Balancing is enabled, ELB distributes traffic evenly across all registered EC2 instances in all AZs.</p></details><details><summary>Enable Sticky Sessions</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Enable ELB Health Checks</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 14: Which feature in both Application Load Balancers and Network Load Balancers allows you to load multiple SSL certificates on one listener? </h4><details><summary>Server Name Indication (SNI)</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> Nice Job.</p></details><details><summary>TLS Termination</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Host Headers</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>SSL Security Policies</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 15: You have an Application Load Balancer that is configured to redirect traffic to 3 Target Groups based on the following hostnames: users.example.com, api.external.example.com, and checkout.example.com. You would like to configure HTTPS for each of these hostnames. How do you configure the ALB to make this work? </h4><details><summary>Use an HTTP to HTTPS redirect rule</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Use Server Name Indication (SNI)</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> Server Name Indication (SNI) allows you to expose multiple HTTPS applications each with its own SSL certificate on the same listener. Read more here: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-application-load-balancer-sni/</p></details><details><summary>Use a security group SSL certificate</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 16: You have an application hosted on a set of EC2 instances managed by an Auto Scaling Group that you configured both desired and maximum capacity to 3. Also, you have created a CloudWatch Alarm that is configured to scale out your ASG when CPU Utilization reaches 60%. Your application suddenly received huge traffic and is now running at 80% CPU Utilization. What will happen? </h4><details><summary>Nothing</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> The Auto Scaling Group can't go over the maximum capacity (you configured) during scale-out events.</p></details><details><summary>The desired capacity will go up to 4 and the maximum capacity will stay at 4</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>The desired capacity will go up to 4 and the maximum capacity will stay at 3</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 17: You have an Auto Scaling Group fronted by an Application Load Balancer. You have configured the ASG to use ALB Health Checks, then one EC2 instance has just been reported unhealthy. What will happen to the EC2 instance? </h4><details><summary>The ASG will terminate the EC2 instance</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> You can configure the Auto Scaling Group to determine the EC2 instances' health based on Application Load Balancer Health Checks instead of EC2 Status Checks (default). When an EC2 instance fails the ALB Health Checks, its marked unhealthy and will be terminated while the ASG launches a new EC2 instance.</p></details><details><summary>The ASG will keep the instance running and re-start the application</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>The ASG will detach the EC2 instance and leave it running</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 18: Your boss asked you to scale your Auto Scaling Group based on the number of requests per minute your application makes to your database. What should you do? </h4><details><summary>You politely tell him it's impossible</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Enable Detailed Monitoring then create a CloudWatch Alarm to scale your ASG</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Create a CloudWatch custom metric then create a CloudWatch Alarm on this metric to scale your ASG</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> There's no CloudWatch Metric for "requests per minute" for backend-to-database connections. You need to create a CloudWatch Custom Metric, then create a CloudWatch Alarm.</p></details>
    <h4> Question 19: An application is deployed with an Application Load Balancer and an Auto Scaling Group. Currently, you manually scale the ASG and you would like to define a Scaling Policy that will ensure the average number of connections to your EC2 instances is around 1000. Which Scaling Policy should you use? </h4><details><summary>Target Tracking Policy</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> Nice Job.</p></details><details><summary>Simple Scaling Policy</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Step Scaling Policy</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Scheduled Scaling Policy</summary><p>False</p></details>
    <h4> Question 20: Your application hosted on EC2 instances managed by an Auto Scaling Group suddenly receives a spike in traffic which triggers your ASG to scale out and a new EC2 instance has been launched. The traffic continuously increases but the ASG doesn't launch any new EC2 instances immediately but after 5 minutes. What is a possible cause for this behavior? </h4><details><summary>Launch Template</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Lifecycle Hooks</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Target Tracking Policy</summary><p>False</p></details><details><summary>Cooldown Period</summary><p><span class="correct">Correct</span> For each Auto Scaling Group, there's a Cooldown Period after each scaling activity. In this period, the ASG doesn't launch or terminate EC2 instances. This gives time to metrics to stabilize. The default value for the Cooldown Period is 300 seconds (5 minutes).</p></details>
    </main>

</body>
</html>

## Conclusion

So how did you do? Tune in next week where we will go over more AWS fundamentals.

## Recap

Following the previous blogs in the series.

- [AWS 1: BookClub Overview](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws/)
- [AWS 2: Getting Started](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-23-aws-2-getting-started/)
- [AWS 3: UI Guide and Walk through](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-27-aws-3-UI-guide-and-walkthrough)
- [AWS 4: IAM Creating Users and Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-28-aws-4-IAM)
- [AWS 5: IAM Policies](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-03-aws-5-IAM-polices)
- [AWS 6: Quiz 1 ](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws-quiz-one)
- [AWS 7: AWS CLI , How to install the CLI](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-10-03-aws-7-cli)
- [AWS 8: Access keys](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-10-03-aws-8-access-keys)
- [AWS 9: AWS roles](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-17-aws-9-roles)
- [AWS 10: EC2 Introduction](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-24-aws-10-EC2/)
- [AWS 11: EC2 View and Instance Types](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-03-aws-11-EC2-View-and-instance-types)
- [AWS 12: Security Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-10-aws-12-security-groups)
- [AWS 13: EC2 SSH-ing into an instance](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-17-aws-13-ssh)
- [AWS 14: Instance Connect](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-24-aws-14-instance-connect)
- [AWS 15: EC2 Purchasing Options](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-31-aws-15-EC2-purchasing-options)
- [AWS 16: EBS Overview and Hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-14-aws-16-EBS-Overview-and-Hands-On)
- [AWS 17: EBS Snapshots](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-21-aws-17-ebs-snapshots)
- [AWS 18: AMI Overview](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-28-aws-18-ami)
- [AWS 19: AMI Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-02-aws-19-AMI-Hands-On)
- [AWS 20: EC2 Instance Stores](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-09-aws-20-EC2-Instance-Store)
- [AWS 21: EBS Volume types](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-16-aws-21-EBS-volume-types)
- [AWS: 22: EBS Multi Attach](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-23-aws-22-EBS-Multi-Attach)
- [AWS: 23: EFS Elastic File System](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-30-aws-23-EFS-Elastic-File-System)
- [AWS 24: EFS Hands On](https://magicishasblog.netlify.app/2023-07-07-aws-24-EFS-Hands-On)
- [AWS 25: EFS vs EBS](https://magicishasblog.netlify.app/2023-07-14-aws-25-EFS-vs-EBS)
- [AWS 26: Quiz 2](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-2/2023-07-21-aws-26-quiz-2/)
- [AWS 27: High Availability and Scalability ](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/section6/2023-07-28-high_availability_and_scalability/)
- [AWS 28: Elastic Load Balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-08-11-aws-28-elastic-load-balancing/)
- [AWS 29: Application Load Balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-08-18-aws-29-applicaton-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 30: Alb hands on (part 1)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-08-25-aws-30-alb-hands-on/)
- [AWS 31: Alb hands on (part 2)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-09-01-aws-31-more-on-alb/)
- [AWS 32: Network load balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/NLB/2023-09-09-aws-32-network-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 33: Network load balancer (hands on)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/NLB/2023-09-15-aws-33-network-load-balancer-hands-on/)
- [AWS 34: Gateway load balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/GatewayLoadBalancer/2023-09-22-aws-34-gateway-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 35: ELB Sticky Sessions](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2022-09-29-aws-35-ELB-Sticky-sessions/)
- [AWS 36: Cross Zone Load Balancing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/CrossZoneLoadBalancing/2023-10-06-aws-36-cross-zone-load-balancing/)
- [AWS 37: ALB SSL Cert](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-10-13-aws-37-ALB-SSL-Cert/)
- [AWS 38: ALB SSL Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-10-20-aws-38-ALB-SSL-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 39: Connection Draining](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-27-10-aws-39-connection-draining/)
- [AWS 40: Auto Scaling Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-10-aws-40-Auto-Scaling-Groups/)
- [AWS 41: Auto Scaling Groups : Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-17-aws-41-auto-scaling-groups-hands-on/)
- [AWS 42: Auto Scaling Groups Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-24-aws-42-Auto-Scaling-Groups-Policy/)
- [AWS 43: Auto Scaling Groups Policy - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-01-aws-43-auto-scaling-groups-hands-on/)
- [AWS 44: Auto Scaling Groups - Instant Refresh](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-08-aws-44-auto-scaling-groups-instant-refresh/)
