---
layout: blog
title: "AWS 129: Quiz 13 ; Amazon Security Advanced Part 2"
date: 2026-04-24T09:26:21.871Z
---



<style>
  .correct{
        color: #9C27B0;
    -webkit-box-shadow: 5px 5px 20px 5px #FF19FD;
    box-shadow: 0px 2px 11px 4px #FF19FD;
    border-radius: 10%;
    margin: 14px;
  }

  </style>

## Introduction

A continuation of [Quiz-12](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-12/2026-04-17-Quiz-12/) focused on Security topics relevant to the **AWS Certified Developer** Associate exam.

## Topics Covered
- [AWS Security Best Practices](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security/)
- [AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iam/)
- [AWS Certified Developer Associate Exam Guide](https://aws.amazon.com/certification/certified-developer-associate/)
- [AWS Security Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-hub/)

> 💡 **Tip:** These are questions very similar to the ones you will get in the exam


<h4> Question: 1 A Developer has been entrusted with the job of securing certain S3 buckets that are shared by a large team of users. Last time, a bucket policy was changed, the bucket was erroneously available for everyone, outside the organization too.

Which feature/service will help the developer identify similar security issues with minimum effort? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>S3 Analytics</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Access Advisor feature on IAM console</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>S3 Object Lock</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>IAM Access Analyzer</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span>

IAM Access Analyzer - AWS IAM Access Analyzer helps you identify the resources in your organization and accounts, such as Amazon S3 buckets or IAM roles, that are shared with an external entity. This lets you identify unintended access to your resources and data, which is a security risk.

You can set the scope for the analyzer to an organization or an AWS account. This is your zone of trust. The analyzer scans all of the supported resources within your zone of trust. When Access Analyzer finds a policy that allows access to a resource from outside of your zone of trust, it generates an active finding.

Incorrect options:

Access Advisor feature on IAM console - To help identify the unused roles, IAM reports the last-used timestamp that represents when a role was last used to make an AWS request. Your security team can use this information to identify, analyze, and then confidently remove unused roles. This helps improve the security posture of your AWS environments. This does not provide information about non-IAM entities such as S3, hence it's not a correct choice here.

S3 Object Lock - S3 Object Lock enables you to store objects using a "Write Once Read Many" (WORM) model. S3 Object Lock can help prevent accidental or inappropriate deletion of data, it is not the right choice for the current scenario.

S3 Analytics - By using Amazon S3 analytics Storage Class Analysis you can analyze storage access patterns to help you decide when to transition the right data to the right storage class. You cannot use S3 Analytics to identify unintended access to your S3 resources.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/what-is-access-analyzer.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/security-best-practices.html
 </p>
  </details>

<h4> Question: 2 A retail company is migrating its on-premises database to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The company has read-heavy workloads. The development team at the company is looking at refactoring the code to achieve optimum read performance for SQL queries.

Which solution will address this requirement with the least current as well as future development effort? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Configure Elasticache for Redis to act as a caching layer for Amazon RDS. Refactor the application code so that the queries use the Elasticache for Redis endpoint</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up Amazon RDS in the multi-AZ configuration with a single standby instance. Refactor the application code so that the queries use the standby instance endpoint</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Configure Elasticache for Memcached to act as a caching layer for Amazon RDS. Refactor the application code so that the queries use the Elasticache for Memcached endpoint</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up Amazon RDS with one or more read replicas. Refactor the application code so that the queries use the endpoint for the read replicas</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span>

Set up Amazon RDS with one or more read replicas. Refactor the application code so that the queries use the endpoint for the read replicas

Amazon RDS uses the PostgreSQL DB engine's built-in replication functionality to create a special type of DB instance called a read replica from a source DB instance. The source DB instance becomes the primary DB instance. Updates made to the primary DB instance are asynchronously copied to the read replica. You can reduce the load on your primary DB instance by routing read queries from your applications to the read replica. Using read replicas, you can elastically scale out beyond the capacity constraints of a single DB instance for read-heavy database workloads. For the given use case, you can achieve optimum read performance for SQL queries by using the read-replica endpoint for the read-heavy workload.


via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ReadRepl.html

Incorrect options:

Configure Elasticache for Redis to act as a caching layer for Amazon RDS. Refactor the application code so that the queries use the Elasticache for Redis endpoint

Configure Elasticache for Memcached to act as a caching layer for Amazon RDS. Refactor the application code so that the queries use the Elasticache for Memcached endpoint

Both Redis and Memcached are popular, open-source, in-memory data stores (also known as in-memory caches). These are not relational databases and cannot be used to run SQL queries. So, both these options are incorrect.

Set up Amazon RDS in the multi-AZ configuration with a single standby instance. Refactor the application code so that the queries use the standby instance endpoint - In an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployment with a single standby instance, Amazon RDS automatically creates a primary database (DB) instance and synchronously replicates the data to an instance in a different AZ. When it detects a failure, Amazon RDS automatically fails over to a standby instance without manual intervention. You cannot route the read queries from an application to the standby instance of a multi-AZ RDS database as it's not accessible for the read traffic in the single standby instance configuration.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ReadRepl.html

https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/requests-rds-read-replicas/

https://aws.amazon.com/rds/features/multi-az/

https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/readable-standby-instances-in-amazon-rds-multi-az-deployments-a-new-high-availability-option/
 </p>
  </details>
<h4> Question: 3 The manager at an IT company wants to set up member access to user-specific folders in an Amazon S3 bucket - bucket-a. So, user x can only access files in his folder - bucket-a/user/user-x/ and user y can only access files in her folder - bucket-a/user/user-y/ and so on.

As a Developer Associate, which of the following IAM constructs would you recommend so that the policy snippet can be made generic for all team members and the manager does not need to create separate IAM policy for each team member? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>IAM policy principal</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>IAM policy resource</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>IAM policy condition</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>IAM policy variables</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> Overall explanationCorrect option:

IAM policy variables

Instead of creating individual policies for each user, you can use policy variables and create a single policy that applies to multiple users (a group policy). Policy variables act as placeholders. When you make a request to AWS, the placeholder is replaced by a value from the request when the policy is evaluated.

As an example, the following policy gives each of the users in the group full programmatic access to a user-specific object (their own "home directory") in Amazon S3.


via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_variables.html

Incorrect options:

IAM policy principal - You can use the Principal element in a policy to specify the principal that is allowed or denied access to a resource (In IAM, a principal is a person or application that can make a request for an action or operation on an AWS resource. The principal is authenticated as the AWS account root user or an IAM entity to make requests to AWS). You cannot use the Principal element in an IAM identity-based policy. You can use it in the trust policies for IAM roles and in resource-based policies.

IAM policy condition - The Condition element (or Condition block) lets you specify conditions for when a policy is in effect, like so - "Condition" : { "StringEquals" : { "aws:username" : "johndoe" }}. This can not be used to address the requirements of the given use-case.

IAM policy resource - The Resource element specifies the object or objects that the statement covers. You specify a resource using an ARN. This can not be used to address the requirements of the given use-case.

Reference:

https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/writing-iam-policies-grant-access-to-user-specific-folders-in-an-amazon-s3-bucket/
 </p>
  </details>

<h4> Question: 4 You are creating a Cloud Formation template to deploy your CMS application running on an EC2 instance within your AWS account. Since the application will be deployed across multiple regions, you need to create a map of all the possible values for the base AMI.

How will you invoke the !FindInMap function to fulfill this use case? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>!FindInMap [ MapName, TopLevelKey, SecondLevelKey ]</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> 

!FindInMap [ MapName, TopLevelKey, SecondLevelKey ] - The intrinsic function Fn::FindInMap returns the value corresponding to keys in a two-level map that is declared in the Mappings section. YAML Syntax for the full function name:  Fn::FindInMap: [ MapName, TopLevelKey, SecondLevelKey ]

Short form of the above syntax is : !FindInMap [ MapName, TopLevelKey, SecondLevelKey ]

Where,

MapName - Is the logical name of a mapping declared in the Mappings section that contains the keys and values.
TopLevelKey - The top-level key name. Its value is a list of key-value pairs.
SecondLevelKey - The second-level key name, which is set to one of the keys from the list assigned to TopLevelKey.

Consider the following YAML template:
```yaml
Mappings:
  RegionMap:
    us-east-1:
      HVM64: "ami-0ff8a91507f77f867"
      HVMG2: "ami-0a584ac55a7631c0c"
    us-west-1:
      HVM64: "ami-0bdb828fd58c52235"
      HVMG2: "ami-066ee5fd4a9ef77f1"
    eu-west-1:
      HVM64: "ami-047bb4163c506cd98"
      HVMG2: "ami-31c2f645"
    ap-southeast-1:
      HVM64: "ami-08569b978cc4dfa10"
      HVMG2: "ami-0be9df32ae9f92309"
    ap-northeast-1:
      HVM64: "ami-06cd52961ce9f0d85"
      HVMG2: "ami-053cdd503598e4a9d"
Resources:
  myEC2Instance:
    Type: "AWS::EC2::Instance"
    Properties:
      ImageId: !FindInMap
        - RegionMap
        - !Ref 'AWS::Region'
        - HVM64
      InstanceType: m1.small
```

The example template contains an AWS::EC2::Instance resource whose ImageId property is set by the FindInMap function.

MapName is set to the map of interest, "RegionMap" in this example. TopLevelKey is set to the region where the stack is created, which is determined by using the "AWS::Region" pseudo parameter. SecondLevelKey is set to the desired architecture, "HVM64" for this example.

FindInMap returns the AMI assigned to FindInMap. For a HVM64 instance in us-east-1, FindInMap would return "ami-0ff8a91507f77f867".

Incorrect options:

```yaml
!FindInMap [ MapName ]
```

```yaml
!FindInMap [ MapName, TopLevelKey, SecondLevelKey, ThirdLevelKey ]
```

These three options contradict the explanation provided above, hence these options are incorrect.
```yaml
!FindInMap [ MapName ]
```
```yaml
!FindInMap [ MapName, TopLevelKey, SecondLevelKey, ThirdLevelKey ]
```
These three options contradict the explanation provided above, hence these options are incorrect.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-findinmap.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>!FindInMap [ MapName, TopLevelKey ]</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>!FindInMap [ MapName, TopLevelKey, SecondLevelKey, ThirdLevelKey ]</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>!FindInMap [ MapName ]</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  
<h4> Question: 5 A company wants to improve the performance of its popular API service that offers unauthenticated read access to daily updated statistical information via Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda.

What measures can the company take? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Configure API Gateway to use Gateway VPC Endpoint</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Enable API caching in API Gateway</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span>

Enable API caching in API Gateway

API Gateway provides a few strategies for optimizing your API to improve responsiveness, like response caching and payload compression. You can enable API caching in Amazon API Gateway to cache your endpoint's responses. With caching, you can reduce the number of calls made to your endpoint and also improve the latency of requests to your API.

Incorrect options:

Set up usage plans and API keys in API Gateway - After you create, test, and deploy your APIs, you can use API Gateway usage plans to make them available as product offerings for your customers. You can configure usage plans and API keys to allow customers to access selected APIs, and begin throttling requests to those APIs based on defined limits and quotas. These can be set at the API, or API method level. This option is incorrect as usage plans and API keys cannot be used to improve the responsiveness of the API.

Configure API Gateway to use Elasticache for Memcached - This option has been added as a distractor. Elasticache for Memcached cannot be used with API Gateway to improve the responsiveness of the API for the given use case. You should note that Elasticache for Memcached is a downstream service in the request flow.

Configure API Gateway to use Gateway VPC Endpoint - This option has been added as a distractor. Gateway endpoints provide reliable connectivity to Amazon S3 and DynamoDB without requiring an internet gateway or a NAT device for your VPC. Gateway endpoints do not enable AWS PrivateLink.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-caching.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-api-usage-plans.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Configure API Gateway to use Elasticache for Memcached</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up usage plans and API keys in API Gateway</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 6 A company wants to provide beta access to some developers on its development team for a new version of the company's Amazon API Gateway REST API, without causing any disturbance to the existing customers who are using the API via a frontend UI and Amazon Cognito authentication. The new version has new endpoints and backward-incompatible interface changes, and the company's development team is responsible for its maintenance.

Which of the following will satisfy these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient manner? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Create new API keys on the API Gateway API and then have the developers point the endpoints by passing the new API keys</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Create a development stage on the API Gateway API and then have the developers point the endpoints to the development stage</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span>

Create a development stage on the API Gateway API and then have the developers point the endpoints to the development stage


via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-basic-concept.html

A stage is a logical reference to a lifecycle state of your API (for example, 'dev', 'prod', 'beta', 'v2'). API stages are identified by API ID and stage name. You use a stage to manage and optimize a particular deployment. For example, you can configure stage settings to enable caching, customize request throttling, configure logging, define stage variables, or attach a canary release for testing. After the initial deployment, you can add more stages and associate them with existing deployments. You can use the API Gateway console to create a new stage, or you can choose an existing stage while deploying an API. In general, you can add a new stage to an API deployment before redeploying the API.

For the given use case, you can configure a development stage for your API Gateway API and then integrate it with the new version of the backend functionality that has new endpoints and backward-incompatible interface changes. The customers can continue to use the existing API.

Incorrect options:

Configure a canary release deployment on the API Gateway API and then have the developers point to the relevant deployment by referencing the stage variable in the endpoint - An API deployment is a point-in-time snapshot of your API Gateway API. To be available for clients to use, the deployment must be associated with one or more API stages. Canary release is a software development strategy in which a new version of an API (as well as other software) is deployed for testing purposes, and the base version remains deployed as a production release for normal operations on the same stage. In a canary release deployment, total API traffic is separated at random into a production release and a canary release with a pre-configured ratio. Typically, the canary release receives a small percentage of API traffic and the production release takes up the rest. The updated API features are only visible to API traffic through the canary. You can adjust the canary traffic percentage to optimize test coverage or performance. By keeping canary traffic small and the selection random, most users are not adversely affected at any time by potential bugs in the new version, and no single user is adversely affected all the time.

This option is incorrect for the given use case as some of the customers would also access the new version of the API.

Create new API keys on the API Gateway API and then have the developers point the endpoints by passing the new API keys - AN API key is an alphanumeric string that API Gateway uses to identify an app developer who uses your REST or WebSocket API. This option is a distractor as you cannot selectively provide access to the new version just based on API keys.

Create a new API Gateway API that points to the new API application code and then have the developers point the endpoints to the new API - This is an overkill for the given requirement as there is no need to create a completely new API just to provide some developers early access to the beta version.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/how-to-deploy-api.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-basic-concept.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/canary-release.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Create a new API Gateway API that points to the new API application code and then have the developers point the endpoints to the new API</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Configure a canary release deployment on the API Gateway API and then have the developers point to the relevant deployment by referencing the stage variable in the endpoint</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 7 A gaming company wants to store information about all the games that the company has released. Each game has a name, version number, and category (such as sports, puzzles, strategy, etc). The game information also can include additional properties about the supported platforms and technical specifications. This additional information is inconsistent across games.

You have been hired as an AWS Certified Developer Associate to build a solution that addresses the following use cases:

For a given name and version number, get all details about the game that has that name and version number.

For a given name, get all details about all games that have that name.

For a given category, get all details about all games in that category.

What will you recommend as the most efficient solution? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Set up an Amazon DynamoDB table with a primary key that consists of the name as the partition key and the version number as the sort key. Create a global secondary index that has the category as the partition key and the name as the sort key</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span>

Set up an Amazon DynamoDB table with a primary key that consists of the name as the partition key and the version number as the sort key. Create a global secondary index that has the category as the partition key and the name as the sort key

When you create a DynamoDB table, in addition to the table name, you must specify the primary key of the table. The primary key uniquely identifies each item in the table, so that no two items can have the same key.
You can create one or more secondary indexes on a table. A secondary index lets you query the data in the table using an alternate key, in addition to queries against the primary key. DynamoDB doesn't require that you use indexes, but they give your applications more flexibility when querying your data.


via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/HowItWorks.CoreComponents.html

You should note that a global secondary index (GSI) contains a selection of attributes from the base table, but they are organized by a primary key that is different from that of the table. The Global secondary indexes allow you to perform queries on attributes that are not part of the table's primary key.


via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/GSI.html



Incorrect options:

Set up an Amazon DynamoDB table with a primary key that consists of the category as the partition key and the version number as the sort key. Create a global secondary index that has the name as the partition key - The DynamoDB table for this option has the primary key and GSI that do not solve for the condition - "For a given name and version number, get all details about the game that has that name and version number". This option does not allow for efficient querying of a specific game by its name and version number as you need multiple queries which would be less efficient than the single query allowed by the correct option.

Set up an Amazon RDS MySQL instance having a games table that contains columns for name, version number, and category. Configure the name column as the primary key - This option is not the right fit as it does not allow you to efficiently query on the version number and category columns.

Permanently store the name, version number, and category information about the games in an Amazon Elasticache for Memcached instance - You cannot use Elasticache for Memcached to permanently store values meant to be persisted in a database (relational or NoSQL). Elasticache is a caching layer. So this option is incorrect.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/HowItWorks.CoreComponents.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/GSI.html

https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/primary-key-dynamodb-table/
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Permanently store the name, version number, and category information about the games in an Amazon Elasticache for Memcached instance</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up an Amazon RDS MySQL instance having a games table that contains columns for name, version number, and category. Configure the name column as the primary key</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Set up an Amazon DynamoDB table with a primary key that consists of the category as the partition key and the version number as the sort key. Create a global secondary index that has the name as the partition key</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  <h4> Question: 8 An IT company is configuring Auto Scaling for its Amazon EC2 instances spread across different AZs and Regions.

Which of the following scenarios are NOT correct about EC2 Auto Scaling? (Select two) </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>An Auto Scaling group can contain EC2 instances in only one Availability Zone of a Region</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> Overall explanationCorrect options:

Auto Scaling groups that span across multiple Regions need to be enabled for all the Regions specified - This is not valid for Auto Scaling groups. Auto Scaling groups cannot span across multiple Regions.

An Auto Scaling group can contain EC2 instances in only one Availability Zone of a Region - This is not valid for Auto Scaling groups. An Auto Scaling group can contain EC2 instances in one or more Availability Zones within the same Region.

Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling Overview:

via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/what-is-amazon-ec2-auto-scaling.html

Incorrect options:

An Auto Scaling group can contain EC2 instances in one or more Availability Zones within the same Region - This is a valid statement. Auto Scaling groups can span across the availability Zones of a Region.

Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling attempts to distribute instances evenly between the Availability Zones that are enabled for your Auto Scaling group -  When one Availability Zone becomes unhealthy or unavailable, Auto Scaling launches new instances in an unaffected Availability Zone. When the unhealthy Availability Zone returns to a healthy state, Auto Scaling automatically redistributes the application instances evenly across all of the designated Availability Zones.

For Auto Scaling groups in a VPC, the EC2 instances are launched in subnets - For Auto Scaling groups in a VPC, the EC2 instances are launched in subnets. Customers can select the subnets for your EC2 instances when you create or update the Auto Scaling group.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/what-is-amazon-ec2-auto-scaling.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/auto-scaling-benefits.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Auto Scaling groups that span across multiple Regions need to be enabled for all the Regions specified</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">correct:  </span> Auto Scaling groups that span across multiple Regions need to be enabled for all the Regions specified - This is not valid for Auto Scaling groups. Auto Scaling groups cannot span across multiple Regions.

</p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling attempts to distribute instances evenly between the Availability Zones that are enabled for your Auto Scaling group</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">correct:  </span> An Auto Scaling group can contain EC2 instances in only one Availability Zone of a Region - This is not valid for Auto Scaling groups. An Auto Scaling group can contain EC2 instances in one or more Availability Zones within the same Region.</p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>An Auto Scaling group can contain EC2 instances in one or more Availability Zones within the same Region</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>For Auto Scaling groups in a VPC, the EC2 instances are launched in subnets</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 9 To enable HTTPS connections for his web application deployed on the AWS Cloud, a developer is in the process of creating server certificate.

Which AWS entities can be used to deploy SSL/TLS server certificates? (Select two) </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>IAM</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> Overall explanationCorrect options:

AWS Certificate Manager - AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) is the preferred tool to provision, manage, and deploy server certificates. With ACM you can request a certificate or deploy an existing ACM or external certificate to AWS resources. Certificates provided by ACM are free and automatically renew. In a supported Region, you can use ACM to manage server certificates from the console or programmatically.

IAM - IAM is used as a certificate manager only when you must support HTTPS connections in a Region that is not supported by ACM. IAM securely encrypts your private keys and stores the encrypted version in IAM SSL certificate storage. IAM supports deploying server certificates in all Regions, but you must obtain your certificate from an external provider for use with AWS. You cannot upload an ACM certificate to IAM. Additionally, you cannot manage your certificates from the IAM Console.

Incorrect options:

AWS Secrets Manager - AWS Secrets Manager helps you protect secrets needed to access your applications, services, and IT resources. The service enables you to easily rotate, manage, and retrieve database credentials, API keys, and other secrets throughout their lifecycle. Users and applications retrieve secrets with a call to Secrets Manager APIs, eliminating the need to hardcode sensitive information in plain text. It cannot be used to discover and protect your sensitive data in AWS.

AWS Systems Manager - AWS Systems Manager gives you visibility and control of your infrastructure on AWS. Systems Manager provides a unified user interface so you can view operational data from multiple AWS services and allows you to automate operational tasks such as running commands, managing patches, and configuring servers across AWS Cloud as well as on-premises infrastructure.

AWS CloudFormation - AWS CloudFormation allows you to use programming languages or a simple text file to model and provision, in an automated and secure manner, all the resources needed for your applications across all Regions and accounts. Think infrastructure as code; think CloudFormation. You cannot use CloudFormation for running commands or managing patches on servers.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_server-certs.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>IAM</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">correct </span> IAM - IAM is used as a certificate manager only when you must support HTTPS connections in a Region that is not supported by ACM. IAM securely encrypts your private keys and stores the encrypted version in IAM SSL certificate storage. IAM supports deploying server certificates in all Regions, but you must obtain your certificate from an external provider for use with AWS. You cannot upload an ACM certificate to IAM. Additionally, you cannot manage your certificates from the IAM Console.</p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS Secrets Manager</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS CloudFormation</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS Certificate Manager</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">correct </span> AWS Certificate Manager - AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) is the preferred tool to provision, manage, and deploy server certificates. With ACM you can request a certificate or deploy an existing ACM or external certificate to AWS resources. Certificates provided by ACM are free and automatically renew. In a supported Region, you can use ACM to manage server certificates from the console or programmatically. </p>
  </details>

  <h4> Question: 10 You are storing bids information on your betting application and you would like to automatically expire DynamoDB table data after one week.

What should you use? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Use a Lambda function</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use DAX</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use DynamoDB Streams</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use TTL</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> 

Use TTL

Time To Live (TTL) for DynamoDB allows you to define when items in a table expire so that they can be automatically deleted from the database. TTL is provided at no extra cost as a way to reduce storage usage and reduce the cost of storing irrelevant data without using provisioned throughput. With TTL enabled on a table, you can set a timestamp for deletion on a per-item basis, allowing you to limit storage usage to only those records that are relevant.

Incorrect options:

Use DynamoDB Streams - These help you get a changelog of your DynamoDB table but won't help you delete expired data. Note that data expired using a TTL will appear as an event in your DynamoDB streams.

Use DAX - Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) is a fully managed, highly available, in-memory cache for DynamoDB that delivers up to a 10x performance improvement: from milliseconds to microseconds: even at millions of requests per second. This is a caching technology for your DynamoDB tables.

Use a Lambda function - This could work but would require setting up indexes, queries, or scans to work, as well as trigger them often enough using EventBridge. This band-aid solution would never be as good as using the TTL feature in DynamoDB.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/TTL.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  

  How did you do? 

## Recap

Based off the previous posts in the series, we have covered the following topics:

- [AWS 1: BookClub Overview](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws/)
- [AWS 2: Getting Started](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-23-aws-2-getting-started/)
- [AWS 3: UI Guide and Walk through](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-27-aws-3-UI-guide-and-walkthrough)
- [AWS 4: IAM Creating Users and Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-28-aws-4-IAM)
- [AWS 5: IAM Policies](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-03-aws-5-IAM-polices)
- [AWS 6: Quiz 1 ](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws-quiz-one)
- [AWS 7: AWS CLI , How to install the CLI](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-10-03-aws-7-cli)
- [AWS 8: Access keys](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-10-03-aws-8-access-keys)
- [AWS 9: AWS roles](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-17-aws-9-roles)
- [AWS 10: EC2 Introduction](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-24-aws-10-EC2/)
- [AWS 11: EC2 View and Instance Types](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-03-aws-11-EC2-View-and-instance-types)
- [AWS 12: Security Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-10-aws-12-security-groups)
- [AWS 13: EC2 SSH-ing into an instance](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-17-aws-13-ssh)
- [AWS 14: Instance Connect](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-24-aws-14-instance-connect)
- [AWS 15: EC2 Purchasing Options](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-31-aws-15-EC2-purchasing-options)
- [AWS 16: EBS Overview and Hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-14-aws-16-EBS-Overview-and-Hands-On)
- [AWS 17: EBS Snapshots](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-21-aws-17-ebs-snapshots)
- [AWS 18: AMI Overview](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-28-aws-18-ami)
- [AWS 19: AMI Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-02-aws-19-AMI-Hands-On)
- [AWS 20: EC2 Instance Stores](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-09-aws-20-EC2-Instance-Store)
- [AWS 21: EBS Volume types](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-16-aws-21-EBS-volume-types)
- [AWS: 22: EBS Multi Attach](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-23-aws-22-EBS-Multi-Attach)
- [AWS: 23: EFS Elastic File System](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-30-aws-23-EFS-Elastic-File-System)
- [AWS 24: EFS Hands On](https://magicishasblog.netlify.app/2023-07-07-aws-24-EFS-Hands-On)
- [AWS 25: EFS vs EBS](https://magicishasblog.netlify.app/2023-07-14-aws-25-EFS-vs-EBS)
- [AWS 26: Quiz 2](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-2/2023-07-21-aws-26-quiz-2/)
- [AWS 27: High availability and Scalability ](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/section6/2023-07-28-high_availability_and_scalability/)
- [AWS 28: Elastic Load Balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-08-11-aws-28-elastic-load-balancing/)
- [AWS 29: Application Load Balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-08-18-aws-29-applicaton-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 30: Alb hands on (part 1)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-08-25-aws-30-alb-hands-on/)
- [AWS 31: Alb hands on (part 2)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-09-01-aws-31-more-on-alb/)
- [AWS 32: Network load balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/NLB/2023-09-09-aws-32-network-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 33: Network load balancer (hands on)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/NLB/2023-09-15-aws-33-network-load-balancer-hands-on/)
- [AWS 34: Gateway load balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/GatewayLoadBalancer/2023-09-22-aws-34-gateway-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 35: ELB Sticky Sessions](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2022-09-29-aws-35-ELB-Sticky-sessions/)
- [AWS 36: Cross Zone Load Balancing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/CrossZoneLoadBalancing/2023-10-06-aws-36-cross-zone-load-balancing/)
- [AWS 37: ALB SSL Cert](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-10-13-aws-37-ALB-SSL-Cert/)
- [AWS 38: ALB SSL Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-10-20-aws-38-ALB-SSL-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 39: Connection Draining](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-27-10-aws-39-connection-draining/)
- [AWS 40: Auto Scaling Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-10-aws-40-Auto-Scaling-Groups/)
- [AWS 41: Auto Scaling Groups : Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-17-aws-41-auto-scaling-groups-hands-on/)
- [AWS 42: Auto Scaling Groups Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-24-aws-42-Auto-Scaling-Groups-Policy/)
- [AWS 43: Auto Scaling Groups Policy - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-01-aws-43-auto-scaling-groups-hands-on/)
- [AWS 44: Auto Scaling Groups - Instant Refresh](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-08-aws-44-auto-scaling-groups-instant-refresh/)
- [AWS 45: Quiz 3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-3/2023-12-15-aws-45-quiz-3/)
- [AWS 46: RDS Relational Database Service](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-22-aws-46-RDS/)
- [AWS 47: RDS Read Replica Multi Az](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-29-12-aws-47-RDS-read-replica-Multi-Az/)
- [AWS 48: RDS Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-05-01-aws-48-RDS-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 49: Amazon Aurora](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-12-aws-49-Amazon-Aurora/)
- [AWS 50: Amazon Aurora: Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-01-19-aws-50-Amazon-Aurora-hands-on/)
- [AWS 51: Amazon RDS and Amazon Aurora Security](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-01-26-aws-51-Amazon-RDS-and-Amazon-Aurora-Security/)
- [AWS 52: RDS Proxy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-02-02-aws-52-RDS-Proxy/)
- [AWS 53: ElastiCache](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-02-09-aws-53-ElastiCache/)
- [AWS 54: ElastiCache: Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/StructuredClone/2024-02-16-aws-54-ElastiCache-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 55: ElastiCache Strategies](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-01-03-aws-55-ElastiCache-Strategies/)
- [AWS 56: Amazon Memory DB for Redis](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-15-aws-56-AmazonMemoryDB-for-Redis/)
- [AWS 57: Quiz 3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-4/2023-03-22-aws-57-quiz-4/)
- [AWS 58: DNS Name](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-03-12-aws-58-DNS-name/)
- [AWS 59: Route 53](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-04-19-aws-Route53-overview/)
- [AWS 60 Route 53 Registering Domain](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-04-26-aws-60-Route53-registering-domain/)
- [AWS 61 Route 53 Creating First Record](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-03-aws-61-Route53-Creating-First-Record/)
- [AWS 62: Setting up an EC2 instance and ALB with Route 53](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-10-aws-62-setting-up-ec2-instances-and-alb-with-route-53/)
- [AWS 63: Route 53 TTL (Time to Live)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-17-aws-63-Route53-TTL/)
- [AWS 64: Route 53 CNAME and alias records](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-07-aws-64-CNAME-alias-records/)
- [AWS 65: Route 53 simple routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-12-07-aws-65-Route53-simple-routing/)
- [AWS 66: Route 53 weighted routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-19-07-aws-route53-weighted-routing/)
- [AWS 67: Route 53 Latency](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-07-26-aws-67-route53-latency-routing/)
- [AWS 67: Route 53 Latency Routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-07-26-aws-67-route53-latency-routing/)
- [AWS 68: Route 53 Health Checks](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-09-08-aws-68-Route-53-Health-checks/)
- [AWS 69: Route 53 Health Checks , Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-08-16-aws-69-Health-checks-hands-on/)
- [AWS 70: Route 53 route policy failover](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-06-09-aws-71-Route-53-Geolocation-Routing/)
- [AWS 71: Route 53 Geolocation Routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-06-09-aws-71-Route-53-Geolocation-Routing/)
- [AWS 72: Route 53 Geoproximity Routing Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-11-09-aws-72-Route-53-Geoproximity-Routing-Policy/)
- [AWS 73: Route 53 Traffic Flow](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-09-20-aws-73-Route-53-Traffic-Flow/)
- [AWS 74: Route 53 IP Routing Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-09-27-aws-74-Route-53-IP-Routing/)
- [AWS 75: Route 53 Multi Value Routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-04-10-aws-75-Route-53-muti-value-routing/)
- [Quiz 5 : Route 53](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-5/quiz-5/)
- [AWS 76: Domain Registar vs DNS Service](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws-76-Domain-registar-vs-dns-service/)
- [AWS 77: VPC intro](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-01-aws-77-VPC-intro/)
- [AWS 78: Understanding AWS VPC and Subnets](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-15-11-aws-78-VPC/)
- [AWS 79: VPC network ACIS and security group](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-22-aws-79-VPC-network-acls-and-security-groups/)
- [AWS 80: VPC Peering](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-11-29-aws-80-VPC-peering/)
- [AWS 81: VPC Round Up](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-10-01-aws-81-vpc-round-up/)
- [AWS 82: Three Tier Architecture](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-17-01-aws-82-three-tier-architecture/)
- [AWS 83: Quiz 6 VPC](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-6/2025-02-24-aws-83-quiz-6/)
- [AWS 84: Amazon S3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-03-14-aws-84-Amazon-s3/)
- [AWS 85: Amazon s3 Hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-03-21-aws-85-Amazon-s3-hands-on/)
- [AWS 86: s3 security bucket policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-28-03-aws-86-s3-security-bucket-policy/)
- [AWS 87: S3 Buckets - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-04-04-aws-87-s3-bucket-hands-on/)
- [AWS 88: S3 Buckets WebHosting](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-04-11-aws-88-s3-buckets-web-hosting/)
- [AWS 89: Amazon S3 Buckets: Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-04-25-aws-89-s3-website-hands-on/)
- [AWS 90: Amazon S3 Buckets: Versioning](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-02-aws-90-S3-versioning/)
- [AWS 91: Amazon S3 Replication](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-09-aws-91-amazon-s3-replication/)
- [AWS 92: Amazon S3 Replication Rules Notes](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-05-16-aws-92-amazon-s3-replication-notes/)
- [AWS 93: Amazon S3 Replication Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-23-aws-93-amazon-s3-replication-rules-hands-on/)
- [AWS 94: Amazon S3 Storage Classes](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-20-aws-94-s3-storage-classes/)
- [AWS 95: Amazon S£ Storage Classes - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-06-13-aws-95-storage-classes-hands-on/)
- [AWS 96: Quiz 7](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-7/2025-07-04-aws-quiz-7/)
- [AWS 97: EC2 Instance Metadata](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-07-11-aws-97-ec2-instance-metadata/)
- [AWS 98: EC2 Instance Metadata hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-18-07-aws-98-ec2-instance-metadata-hands-on/)
- [AWS 99: CLI Profiles](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-25-07-aws-99-cli-profiles/)
- [AWS 100: CLI MFA IAM](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-01-aws-100-CLI-MFA-IAM/)
- [AWS 101: SDK](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-08-aws-101-sdk/)
- [AWS 102: Exponential Backoff & Service Limit Increase](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-15-aws-102-Exponential-Backoff-&-Service-Limit-Increase/)
- [AWS 103: Credentials-and-Provider-Chain](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-22-aws-103-Credentials-and-Provider-Chain/)
- [Quiz 8](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-8/2025-09-05-aws-quiz-8/)
- [AWS 104: SigV4](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-29-aws-104-SigV4/)
- [AWS 105: Amazon s3 lifecycle Rules](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-10-17-aws-105-s3-amazon-lifecycle/)
- [AWS 106: Amazon s3 lifecycle Rules - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-10-24-196-lifecycles-hands-on/)
- [AWS 107: Amazon s3 event notifications](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-10-31-aws-107-aws-S3-event-notification)
- [AWS 108: Event Notifications Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-11-07-aws-108-event-notification-hands-on/)
- [AWS 109: Amazon s3 performance](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-11-14-aws-109-s3-performance/)
- [AWS 110: Quiz 10](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-10/2015-11-28-Quiz-10/) 
- [AWS 111: Object Encryption](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-12-05-aws-111-S3-Object-Encryption/)
- [AWS 112: Cors](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-12-12-aws-112-AWS-Cors/)
- [AWS 113: Cors Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-12-17-aws-113-Cors-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 114: MFA Delete](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-aws-114-MFA-Delete/)
- [AWS 115: MFA Delete Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-01-06-aws-115-MFA-delete-hands-on/)
- [AWS 116: Amazon S3 Access Logs](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-01-16-aws-116-amazon-s3-access-LOGS/)
- [AWS 117: Amazon S3 Access Logs - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-23-01-aws-117-access-logs-hands-on/)
- [AWS 118: Amazon S3 Pre-signed URLS](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-01-30-aws-118-pre-signed-urls/)
- [AWS 119: Amazon S3 Pre-signed URLS Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-06-02-aws-119-pre-signed-urls-hands-on/)
- [AWS 120: Amazon S3 Access Points](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-12-02-13-aws-120-access-points/)
- [AWS 121: Amazon S3 Object lambdas](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-02-20-aws-121-s3-object-lambdas/)
- [AWS 122: Quiz 11: Amazon S3 Security](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-11/2026-02-20-Quiz-11/)
- [AWS 123: Amazon CloudFront](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-06-aws-123-Amazon-CloudFront/)
- [AWS 124: Amazon CloudFront - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-13-aws-124-CloudFront-HandsOn/)
- [AWS 125: CloudFront Caching](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-20-aws-125-Amazon-Cloudfront-Caching/)
- [AWS 126: CloudFront Invalidations](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-27-aws-126-CloudFront-cache-invalidations/)
- [AWS 127: Cache Behaviors](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-04-10-aws-127-CloudFront-Cache-Behaviors/)
- [AWS 128: Quiz 12 Advanced Security](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-12/2026-04-17-Quiz-12/)