---
layout: blog
title: "AWS 9: Roles Introduction"
date: 2023-02-24T17:08:34.142Z
---

## TLDR

## Recap

Following the previous blogs in the series.

- [AWS 1: BookClub Overview](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws/)
- [AWS 2: Getting Started](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-23-aws-2-getting-started/)
- [AWS 3: UI Guide and Walk through](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-27-aws-3-UI-guide-and-walkthrough)
- [AWS 4: IAM Creating Users and Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-28-aws-4-IAM)
- [AWS 5: IAM Policies](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-03-aws-5-IAM-polices)
- [AWS 6: Quiz 1 ](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws-quiz-one)
- [AWS 7: AWS CLI , How to install the CLI](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-10-03-aws-7-cli)
- [AWS 8: Access keys](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-10-03-aws-8-access-keys)
- [AWS 9: AWS roles](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-17-aws-9-roles)


## Introduction 

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a popular cloud platform used by individuals and businesses around the world. One of the most fundamental offerings of AWS is Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), which provides Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS). In this blog post, we will explore EC2 and create our first website on AWS.

## What Is An EC2 Made Up Of
EC2 is composed of several services that work together to provide a virtual server that can be rented from AWS. The first step is choosing the operating system, which can be Linux, Windows, or even Mac OS. Then, the user can choose the amount of CPU, RAM, and storage space needed, as well as the type of network to attach to the EC2 instance.

# EC2 instances
There are several instance types available in EC2, ranging from simple t2.micro to more advanced instances with multiple vCPUs and large amounts of memory. Users can choose the instance type that fits best for their application and can be rented on demand from AWS.

EC2 instance types refer to the different combinations of virtual CPU, memory, storage, and networking capacity that are available for rent on AWS. By choosing the right instance type for your workload, you can optimize performance and cost efficiency.

There are many different EC2 instance types, each designed for different use cases. Here is a table outlining some of the most commonly used instance types:

### Table Of The Most Frequent EC2 instance Types

| Instance Type | vCPU   | Memory | Storage      | Network Performance | Free Tier ? |
| ------------- | ------ | ------ | ------------ | ------------------- | ----------- | 
| t2.micro      | 1      | 1 GB   | EBS only     | Low to moderate     | Yes         |
| t2.xlarge     | 4      | 16 GB  | EBS only     | Moderate            | No          |
| c5d.4xlarge   | 16     | 32 GB  | 400 NVMe SSD | Up to 10 Gbps       | No          |
| r5.16xlarge   | Varies | Varies | Varies       | Varies              | No          |
| m5.8xlarge    | Varies | Varies | Varies       | Varies              | No          |     

## Free Tier Types
The t2.micro instance is the most basic and affordable instance type, suitable for low-traffic websites, small applications, or development and testing purposes. On the other hand, the c5d.4xlarge instance is a high-performance compute-optimized instance with local NVMe SSD storage that is ideal for data processing, batch processing, and other compute-intensive workloads.

## Bootstrapping
Bootstrapping is a process that launches commands when the EC2 instance starts up. This can be used to automate tasks such as installing updates, downloading software, and other tasks that are typically performed at boot time. EC2 User Data is used to automate boot tasks, and any command that is included in the User Data script will have root user access.


## Hands on

To create our first website on AWS, we will use an EC2 t2.micro instance. This instance is part of the AWS free tier, which allows up to 750 hours per month of t2.micro usage. The hands-on part of this blog will walk you through the process of creating your first website on AWS using an EC2 instance.

## How to Create a EC2 instance
