---
layout: blog
title: "AWS 7: AWS CLI , How to install the CLI"
date: 2023-02-10T17:08:34.142Z
---

## Recap

Following the previous blogs in the series.

- [AWS 1: BookClub Overview](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws/)
- [AWS 2: Getting Started](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-23-aws-2-getting-started/)
- [AWS 3: UI Guide and Walk through](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-27-aws-3-UI-guide-and-walkthrough)
- [AWS 4: IAM Creating Users and Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-28-aws-4-IAM)
- [AWS 5: IAM Policies](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-03-aws-5-IAM-polices)
- [AWS 6: Quiz 1 ](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws-quiz-one)

Hey there fellow AWS enthusiasts!

## Introduction

In our previous lessons, we've learned how to access AWS through the Management Console - you know, the friendly Web interface we've been using so far. But did you know that there are actually three different ways to access AWS?

## CLI, Management Console, And SDK

First up, we have the Management Console, which requires your username and password (maybe even a little bit of multifactor authentication). Then there's the Command Line Interface (or CLI for short) - this one we'll set up on our own computer and it uses access keys to let us in. Think of it like a secret code to the AWS kingdom. And lastly, there's the AWS Software Development Kit (SDK) - this one is for when you want to access AWS APIs within your own code.

## Getting The Access Keys

So, how do we get these access keys? Easy peasy - we'll generate them through the Management Console. Remember, users are responsible for their own access keys, so keep them safe! Treat your access key ID like your username and your secret access key like your password. Don't share them with anyone, because everyone can create their own keys.

## Whats A CLI?

What's a CLI, you ask? It stands for Command Line Interface and it's a tool that lets you interact with AWS services using commands from your terminal. With the CLI, you have direct access to the public APIs, which makes life so much easier. Plus, you can even write scripts to automate tasks! The AWS CLI is open-source, so feel free to check it out on GitHub.

## Whats An SDK?

On the other hand, the SDK is like the SDK is a set of libraries that are specific to certain programming languages. With the SDK, you can access and manage your AWS services programmatically, but this time it's not for your terminal, it's for your code. The AWS SDK supports many programming languages like JavaScript, Python, PHP, .NET, Ruby, Java, Go, Node.js, C++, and more! And there's even a mobile SDK for Android and iOS and an IoT SDK for Internet of Things devices.

For example, did you know that the AWS CLI we'll be using in this course is built on the AWS SDK for Python called [Boto](https://aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-python/)? So cool!

## Installing the AWS CLI

Select the dropdown for your OS (Operating system)

- [Install Link ](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)

## Testing out the installation

Open your favorite terminal program (Im using VS Code) and type in the following:

```
aws --version
```

This command tells you, what version of the CLI is installed. If everything is installed correctly, you should get a response similar to
`aws-cli/2.9.22 Python/3.9.11 Darwin/21.6.0 exe/x86_64 prompt/off`
Starting from the left, you have the name and version of the AWS CLI you're using: aws-cli/2.9.22. This tells you which version of the AWS CLI you're running.
Next up is `Python/3.9.11`. This tells you the version of Python that's powering the AWS CLI.
And then we have `Darwin/21.6.0`, which tells you the type of operating system you're using, in this case it's Darwin, which is used in Apple MacOS.
Finally, you have `exe/x86_64` and `prompt/off`, which gives you information about the type of executable file you're running and if the prompt is turned on or off.

See you on the next blog post, Where we will be explaining how to generate access keys
