---
layout: blog
title: "Sorting Algorithms"
date: 2023-03-11T19:51:10.833Z
---

## TLDR

date

## Introduction

Sorting algorithms are an important part of computer science, and they are used in many applications. Sorting algorithms are used to put a list of numbers into numerical order, and there are many different algorithms that can be used to accomplish this task. In this blog post, we will go over two basic sorting algorithms: bubble sort and merge sort.

## Bubble Sort

Bubble sort is a simple sorting algorithm that works by repeatedly stepping through a list of numbers to be sorted, comparing each pair of adjacent items and swapping them if they are in the wrong order. The algorithm gets its name from the way smaller elements "bubble" to the top of the list as they are sorted.

To understand how bubble sort works, imagine you have a list of playing cards that you want to sort. To sort the cards, you would start at the beginning of the list and compare each pair of cards in turn. If the two cards are in the wrong order, you would swap them. You would then move on to the next pair of cards and repeat the process until you reach the end of the list. Once you have gone through the list one full time and there are no more swaps to be made, you know the list is sorted.

### Code Example

```javascript
function bubbleSort(n) {
  let counter = 0
  do {
    for (let i = 0; i - n.length; i++) {
      if (n[i] > n[i + 1]) {
        let temp = n[i]
        n[i] = n[i + 1]
        n[i + 1] = temp
      }
    }
    counter++
  } while (counter < n.length)
  return n
}
```

the `n[i] > n[i + 1]` checks if the the next array position adjacent, if the `n[i]` is greater then following `temp` variable is used to swap those positions.

The for loop will pass through the array one, however the surrounding `while` will allow a through internal loop until all items are in place. this means the worst case scenario is looping thorough every combination: its n^2 . in big O notation this would be written as:

```math
O(n^{2})
```

### Optimised Bubble Sort

the array is loop over n

## Merge Sort

Merge sort is another basic sorting algorithm that works by dividing a list of numbers into smaller sub-lists, sorting those sub-lists, and then merging them back together. The algorithm uses a divide-and-conquer approach to sorting.

To understand how merge sort works, imagine you have a list of playing cards that you want to sort. To sort the cards, you would first divide the list into two equal-sized sub-lists. You would then recursively divide each sub-list into smaller sub-lists until each sub-list contains only one card.

You would then merge the sub-lists back together in pairs, sorting them as you go. Once all of the pairs have been merged, you would merge the resulting sub-lists back together, again sorting as you go. This process would continue until you have merged all of the sub-lists back together into a single sorted list.

## Conclusion

Sorting algorithms are an essential tool for computer scientists, and there are many different algorithms that can be used to sort a list of numbers. In this blog post, we covered two basic sorting algorithms: bubble sort and merge sort. These algorithms are relatively simple and easy to understand, making them an excellent starting point for anyone interested in learning more about sorting algorithms. Whether you're sorting a list of playing cards or a spreadsheet full of data, knowing how to use these algorithms can save you time and effort.

## Heading

Text

## Conclusion

Conclusion
