---
layout: blog
title: "AWS 8: Roles"
date: 2023-02-10T17:08:34.142Z
---

AWS IAM Roles: A Vital Part of Your AWS Identity and Access Management Strategy

As a developer, it's important to have a clear understanding of AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to ensure that your resources and services are secure and accessible only by authorized users. In this post, we'll be diving into the last component of IAM, IAM Roles.

IAM Roles play a crucial role in granting permissions to AWS services to perform actions on your behalf. These roles are similar to IAM users but are specifically intended to be used by AWS services, not physical users. This allows you to assign permissions to AWS services so that they can perform actions on your account without having to access your AWS credentials.

Let's take a closer look at how IAM Roles work. Suppose you are launching an EC2 Instance, which is a virtual server, in your AWS account. Your EC2 Instance needs to perform actions on AWS and to do so, you need to provide it with the necessary permissions. To accomplish this, you'll create an IAM Role, which will be linked to the EC2 Instance. When the EC2 Instance tries to access information from AWS, it will use the IAM Role. If the IAM Role has the appropriate permissions, the EC2 Instance will be granted access to the call it is trying to make.

Other common examples of AWS services that use IAM Roles include Lambda Functions, CloudFormation, and more. In the next lecture, we'll be creating an