---
layout: blog
title: "AWS 131: Quiz 15 ; Amazon Security Advanced Part 4"
date: 2026-05-08T09:26:21.871Z
---



<style>
  .correct{
        color: #9C27B0;
    -webkit-box-shadow: 5px 5px 20px 5px #FF19FD;
    box-shadow: 0px 2px 11px 4px #FF19FD;
    border-radius: 10%;
    margin: 14px;
  }

</style>

## Introduction

A continuation of [Quiz-12](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-12/2026-04-17-Quiz-12/), [Quiz-13](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-13/2026-04-24-Quiz-13/) and [Quiz 14](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-14/2026-05-01-quiz-14/) focused on Security topics relevant to the **AWS Certified Developer** Associate exam.

## Topics Covered

- [AWS CodeDeploy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/latest/userguide/welcome.html)
- [AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-store.html)
- [AWS CloudTrail](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/cloudtrail-user-guide.html)
- [Application Load Balancer Health Checks](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/target-group-health-checks.html)
- [Auto Scaling with SQS Metrics](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-using-sqs-queue.html)
- [AWS CloudFormation SAM Transform](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/transform-aws-serverless.html)
- [CloudFormation Conditions Section](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/conditions-section-structure.html)
- [S3 Server-Side Encryption (SSE-S3)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingServerSideEncryption.html)
- [AWS Budgets Forecasts](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/budgets-best-practices.html)
- [Amazon SQS DeleteQueue API](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/APIReference/API_DeleteQueue.html)
- [Application Load Balancer Access Logs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-access-logs.html)
- [AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/home.html)
- [CloudFront Key Pairs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-content-trusted-signers.html)

> 💡 **Tip:** These are questions very similar to the ones you will get in the exam

<h4> Question: 1 A developer has been asked to create an application that can be deployed across a fleet of EC2 instances. The configuration must allow for full control over the deployment steps using the blue-green deployment.

Which service will help you achieve that? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>CodeDeploy</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

CodeDeploy

AWS CodeDeploy is a deployment service that automates application deployments to Amazon EC2 instances, on-premises instances, or serverless Lambda functions. AWS CodeBuild is a fully managed continuous integration service that compiles source code, runs tests, and produces software packages that are ready to deploy.

The blue/green deployment type uses the blue/green deployment model controlled by CodeDeploy. This deployment type enables you to verify a new deployment of service before sending production traffic to it.

CodeDeploy offers lot of control over deployment steps. Please see this note for more details:

via - https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2017/01/aws-codedeploy-introduces-blue-green-deployments/

Incorrect options:

CodeBuild - AWS CodeBuild is a fully managed continuous integration service that compiles source code, runs tests, and produces software packages that are ready to deploy. It cannot be used to deploy applications.

Elastic Beanstalk - AWS Elastic Beanstalk offers hooks but not as much control as CodeDeploy. Because AWS Elastic Beanstalk performs an in-place update when you update your application versions, your application can become unavailable to users for a short period of time. You can avoid this downtime by performing a blue/green deployment, where you deploy the new version to a separate environment, and then swap CNAMEs of the two environments to redirect traffic to the new version instantly.

CodePipeline - CodePipeline automates the build, test, and deploy phases of your release process every time there is a code change. CodePipeline by itself cannot deploy applications.

Reference:

https://docs.amazonaws.cn/en_us/codedeploy/latest/userguide/deployment-configurations.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>CodePipeline</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Elastic Beanstalk</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>CodeBuild</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  


  <h4> Question: 2 Your company has stored all application secrets in SSM Parameter Store. The audit team has requested to get a report to better understand when and who has issued API calls against SSM Parameter Store.

Which of the following options can be used to produce your report? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Use AWS CloudTrail to get a record of actions taken by a user</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

Use AWS CloudTrail to get a record of actions taken by a user

AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store provides secure, hierarchical storage for configuration data management and secrets management. You can store data such as passwords, database strings, Amazon Machine Image (AMI) IDs, and license codes as parameter values. You can store values as plain text or encrypted data.

AWS CloudTrail provides a record of actions taken by a user, role, or an AWS service in Systems Manager. Using the information collected by AWS CloudTrail, you can determine the request that was made to Systems Manager, the IP address from which the request was made, who made the request, when it was made, and additional details.

Incorrect options:

Use SSM Parameter Store List feature to get a record of actions taken by a user - This option has been added as a distractor.

Use SSM Parameter Store Access Logs in CloudWatch Logs to get a record of actions taken by a user - CloudWatch Logs can be integrated but that will not help determine who issued API calls.

Use SSM Parameter Store Access Logs in S3 to get a record of actions taken by a user - S3 Access Logs can be integrated but that will not help determine who issued API calls.
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use SSM Parameter Store Access Logs in S3 to get a record of actions taken by a user</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use SSM Parameter Store Access Logs in CloudWatch Logs to get a record of actions taken by a user</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use SSM Parameter Store List feature to get a record of actions taken by a user</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 3 You have created an Elastic Load Balancer that has marked all the EC2 instances in the target group as unhealthy. Surprisingly, when you enter the IP address of the EC2 instances in your web browser, you can access your website.

What could be the reason your instances are being marked as unhealthy? (Select two) </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Your web-app has a runtime that is not supported by the Application Load Balancer</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>The security group of the EC2 instance does not allow for traffic from the security group of the Application Load Balancer</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> s

The security group of the EC2 instance does not allow for traffic from the security group of the Application Load Balancer

The route for the health check is misconfigured

You must ensure that your load balancer can communicate with registered targets on both the listener port and the health check port. Whenever you add a listener to your load balancer or update the health check port for a target group used by the load balancer to route requests, you must verify that the security groups associated with the load balancer allow traffic on the new port in both directions.

Application Load Balancer Configuration for Security Groups and Health Check Routes:

via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-update-security-groups.html

Incorrect options:

The EBS volumes have been improperly mounted - You can access the website using the IP address which means there is no issue with the EBS volumes. So this option is not correct.

Your web-app has a runtime that is not supported by the Application Load Balancer - There is no connection between a web app and the application load balancer. This option has been added as a distractor.

You need to attach Elastic IP to the EC2 instances - This option is a distractor as Elastic IPs do not need to be assigned to EC2 instances while using an Application Load Balancer.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-update-security-groups.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>The EBS volumes have been improperly mounted</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>You need to attach Elastic IP to the EC2 instances</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>The route for the health check is misconfigured</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 4 An e-commerce company has developed an API that is hosted on Amazon ECS. Variable traffic spikes on the application are causing order processing to take too long. The application processes orders using Amazon SQS queues. The ApproximateNumberOfMessagesVisible metric spikes at very high values throughout the day which triggers the CloudWatch alarm. Other ECS metrics for the API containers are well within limits.

As a Developer Associate, which of the following will you recommend for improving performance while keeping costs low?  </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Use Docker swarm</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use backlog per instance metric with target tracking scaling policy</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

Use backlog per instance metric with target tracking scaling policy - If you use a target tracking scaling policy based on a custom Amazon SQS queue metric, dynamic scaling can adjust to the demand curve of your application more effectively.

The issue with using a CloudWatch Amazon SQS metric like ApproximateNumberOfMessagesVisible for target tracking is that the number of messages in the queue might not change proportionally to the size of the Auto Scaling group that processes messages from the queue. That's because the number of messages in your SQS queue does not solely define the number of instances needed. The number of instances in your Auto Scaling group can be driven by multiple factors, including how long it takes to process a message and the acceptable amount of latency (queue delay).

The solution is to use a backlog per instance metric with the target value being the acceptable backlog per instance to maintain. You can calculate these numbers as follows:

Backlog per instance: To calculate your backlog per instance, start with the ApproximateNumberOfMessages queue attribute to determine the length of the SQS queue (number of messages available for retrieval from the queue). Divide that number by the fleet's running capacity, which for an Auto Scaling group is the number of instances in the InService state, to get the backlog per instance.

Acceptable backlog per instance: To calculate your target value, first determine what your application can accept in terms of latency. Then, take the acceptable latency value and divide it by the average time that an EC2 instance takes to process a message.

To illustrate with an example, let's say that the current ApproximateNumberOfMessages is 1500 and the fleet's running capacity is 10. If the average processing time is 0.1 seconds for each message and the longest acceptable latency is 10 seconds, then the acceptable backlog per instance is 10 / 0.1, which equals 100. This means that 100 is the target value for your target tracking policy. If the backlog per instance is currently at 150 (1500 / 10), your fleet scales out, and it scales out by five instances to maintain proportion to the target value.

Incorrect options:

Use Docker swarm - A Docker swarm is a container orchestration tool, meaning that it allows the user to manage multiple containers deployed across multiple host machines. A swarm consists of multiple Docker hosts which run in swarm mode and act as managers (to manage membership and delegation) and workers (which run swarm services).

Use ECS service scheduler - Amazon ECS provides a service scheduler (for long-running tasks and applications), the ability to run tasks manually (for batch jobs or single run tasks), with Amazon ECS placing tasks on your cluster for you. You can specify task placement strategies and constraints that allow you to run tasks in the configuration you choose, such as spread out across Availability Zones. It is also possible to integrate with custom or third-party schedulers.

Use ECS step scaling policy - Although Amazon ECS Service Auto Scaling supports using Application Auto Scaling step scaling policies, AWS recommends using target tracking scaling policies instead. For example, if you want to scale your service when CPU utilization falls below or rises above a certain level, create a target tracking scaling policy based on the CPU utilization metric provided by Amazon ECS.

With step scaling policies, you create and manage the CloudWatch alarms that trigger the scaling process. If the target tracking alarms don't work for your use case, you can use step scaling. You can also use target tracking scaling with step scaling for an advanced scaling policy configuration. For example, you can configure a more aggressive response when utilization reaches a certain level.

Step Scaling scales your cluster on various lengths of steps based on different ranges of thresholds. Target tracking on the other hand intelligently picks the smart lengths needed for the given configuration.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-using-sqs-queue.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use ECS step scaling policy</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use ECS service scheduler</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 5 As an AWS Certified Developer Associate, you are given a document written in YAML that represents the architecture of a serverless application. The first line of the document contains Transform: 'AWS::Serverless-2016-10-31'.

What does the Transform section in the document represent? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>It represents a Lambda function definition</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Presence of Transform section indicates it is a CloudFormation Parameter</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Presence of Transform section indicates it is a Serverless Application Model (SAM) template</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

AWS CloudFormation template is a JSON- or YAML-formatted text file that describes your AWS infrastructure. Templates include several major sections. The "Resources" section is the only required section. The optional "Transform" section specifies one or more macros that AWS CloudFormation uses to process your template.

The AWS Serverless Application Model (SAM) is an open-source framework for building serverless applications. It provides shorthand syntax to express functions, APIs, databases, and event source mappings. With just a few lines per resource, you can define the application you want and model it using YAML.

Presence of 'Transform' section indicates it is a Serverless Application Model (SAM) template - The AWS::Serverless transform, which is a macro hosted by AWS CloudFormation, takes an entire template written in the AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM) syntax and transforms and expands it into a compliant AWS CloudFormation template. So, presence of "Transform" section indicates, the document is a SAM template.

Sample CloudFormation YAML template:

via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/template-anatomy.html

Incorrect options:

It represents a Lambda function definition - Lambda function is created using "AWS::Lambda::Function" resource and has no connection to 'Transform' section.

It represents an intrinsic function - Intrinsic Functions in templates are used to assign values to properties that are not available until runtime. They usually start with Fn:: or !. Example: !Sub or Fn::Sub.

Presence of 'Transform' section indicates it is a CloudFormation Parameter - CloudFormation parameters are part of Parameters block of the template, like so:

Parameters in YAML:

via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/parameters-section-structure.html

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/transform-aws-serverless.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/template-anatomy.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>It represents an intrinsic function</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  

  <h4> Question: 6 A Developer at a company is working on a CloudFormation template to set up resources. Resources will be defined using code and provisioned based on certain conditions defined in the Conditions section.

Which section of a CloudFormation template cannot be associated with Condition? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Conditions</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Resources</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Parameters</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

Parameters

Parameters enable you to input custom values to your CloudFormation template each time you create or update a stack. Please see this note to understand how to define a parameter in a template:

via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/parameters-section-structure.html

The optional Conditions section contains statements that define the circumstances under which entities are created or configured. For example, you can create a condition and then associate it with a resource or output so that AWS CloudFormation only creates the resource or output if the condition is true.

You might use conditions when you want to reuse a template that can create resources in different contexts, such as a test environment versus a production environment. In your template, you can add an EnvironmentType input parameter, which accepts either prod or test as inputs. For the production environment, you might include Amazon EC2 instances with certain capabilities; however, for the test environment, you want to use reduced capabilities to save money.

Conditions cannot be used within the Parameters section. After you define all your conditions, you can associate them with resources and resource properties only in the Resources and Outputs sections of a template.

Please review this note for more details:

via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/conditions-section-structure.html

Please visit https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/parameters-section-structure.html for more information on the parameter structure.

Incorrect options:

Resources - Resources section describes the resources that you want to provision in your AWS CloudFormation stacks. You can associate conditions with the resources that you want to conditionally create.

Conditions - You actually define conditions in this section of the CloudFormation template

Outputs - The optional Outputs section declares output values that you can import into other stacks (to create cross-stack references), return in response (to describe stack calls), or view on the AWS CloudFormation console. For example, you can output the S3 bucket name for a stack to make the bucket easier to find. You can associate conditions with the outputs that you want to conditionally create.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/parameters-section-structure.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/conditions-section-structure.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Outputs</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  

  <h4> Question: 7 A developer has an application that stores data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The application uses an HTTP API to store and retrieve objects. When the PutObject API operation adds objects to the S3 bucket the developer must encrypt these objects at rest by using server-side encryption with Amazon S3-managed keys (SSE-S3).

Which solution will guarantee that any upload request without the mandated encryption is not processed? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Set the encryption key for SSE-S3 in the HTTP header of every request. Use an S3 bucket policy to deny permission to upload an object unless the request has this header</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Invoke the PutObject API operation and set the x-amz-server-side-encryption header as AES256. Use an S3 bucket policy to deny permission to upload an object unless the request has this header</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

Invoke the PutObject API operation and set the x-amz-server-side-encryption header as AES256. Use an S3 bucket policy to deny permission to upload an object unless the request has this header

SSE-S3 server-side encryption protects data at rest. Amazon S3 encrypts each object with a unique key. As an additional safeguard, it encrypts the key itself with a key that it rotates regularly. Amazon S3 server-side encryption uses one of the strongest block ciphers available to encrypt your data, 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256).

You can use the following bucket policy to deny permissions to upload an object unless the request includes the x-amz-server-side-encryption header to request server-side encryption using SSE-S3:

{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Id": "PutObjectPolicy",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Sid": "DenyIncorrectEncryptionHeader",
      "Effect": "Deny",
      "Principal": "*",
      "Action": "s3:PutObject",
      "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::DOC-EXAMPLE-BUCKET/*",
      "Condition": {
        "StringNotEquals": {
          "s3:x-amz-server-side-encryption": "AES256"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "Sid": "DenyUnencryptedObjectUploads",
      "Effect": "Deny",
      "Principal": "*",
      "Action": "s3:PutObject",
      "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::DOC-EXAMPLE-BUCKET/*",
      "Condition": {
        "Null": {
          "s3:x-amz-server-side-encryption": "true"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}


Incorrect options:

Invoke the PutObject API operation and set the x-amz-server-side-encryption header as aws:kms. Use an S3 bucket policy to deny permission to upload an object unless the request has this header - As mentioned above, you need to use AES256 rather than aws:kms for the given use case. aws:kms is used when you want to use server-side encryption with AWS KMS (SSE-KMS).

Invoke the PutObject API operation and set the x-amz-server-side-encryption header as sse:s3. Use an S3 bucket policy to deny permission to upload an object unless the request has this header - This is a made-up option as the x-amz-server-side-encryption header has no such value as sse:s3.

Set the encryption key for SSE-S3 in the HTTP header of every request. Use an S3 bucket policy to deny permission to upload an object unless the request has this header - This option has been added as a distractor. For SSE-S3, Amazon S3 encrypts each object with a unique key. As an additional safeguard, it encrypts the key itself with a key that it rotates regularly. The encryption key for SSE-S3 encryption key cannot be accessed.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_PutObject.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingServerSideEncryption.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingKMSEncryption.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Invoke the PutObject API operation and set the x-amz-server-side-encryption header as aws:kms. Use an S3 bucket policy to deny permission to upload an object unless the request has this header</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Invoke the PutObject API operation and set the x-amz-server-side-encryption header as sse:s3. Use an S3 bucket policy to deny permission to upload an object unless the request has this header</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  

  <h4> Question: 8 A multi-national company has just moved to AWS Cloud and it has configured forecast-based AWS Budgets alerts for cost management. However, no alerts have been received even though the account and the budgets have been created almost three weeks ago.

What could be the issue with the AWS Budgets configuration? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>AWS requires approximately 5 weeks of usage data to generate budget forecasts</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

AWS Budgets lets customers set custom budgets and receive alerts if their costs or usage exceed (or are forecasted to exceed) their budgeted amount.

AWS requires approximately 5 weeks of usage data to generate budget forecasts - AWS requires approximately 5 weeks of usage data to generate budget forecasts. If you set a budget to alert based on a forecasted amount, this budget alert isn't triggered until you have enough historical usage information.

Incorrect options:

Budget forecast has been created from an account that does not have enough privileges - This is an incorrect statement. If the user account does not have enough privileges, the user will not be able to create the budget at all.

Amazon CloudWatch could be down and hence alerts are not being sent - Amazon CloudWatch is fully managed by AWS, this option has been added as a distractor.

Account has to be part of AWS Organizations to receive AWS Budget alerts - This is an incorrect statement. Stand-alone accounts too can create budgets and being part of an Organization is not mandatory to use AWS Budgets.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/budgets-best-practices.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Account has to be part of AWS Organizations to receive AWS Budgets alerts</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Amazon CloudWatch could be down and hence alerts are not being sent</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Budget forecast has been created from an account that does not have enough privileges</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  

  <h4> Question: 9 A developer is testing Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) queues in a development environment. The queue along with all its contents has to be deleted after testing.

Which SQS API should be used for this requirement? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>RemoveQueue</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>RemovePermission</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>DeleteQueue</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

DeleteQueue - Deletes the queue specified by the QueueUrl, regardless of the queue's contents.  When you delete a queue, any messages in the queue are no longer available.

When you delete a queue, the deletion process takes up to 60 seconds. Requests you send involving that queue during the 60 seconds might succeed. For example, a SendMessage request might succeed, but after 60 seconds the queue and the message you sent no longer exist.

When you delete a queue, you must wait at least 60 seconds before creating a queue with the same name.

Incorrect options:

PurgeQueue - Deletes the messages in a queue specified by the QueueURL parameter. When you use the PurgeQueue action, you can't retrieve any messages deleted from a queue. The queue however remains.

RemoveQueue - This is an invalid option, given only as a distractor.

RemovePermission - Revokes any permissions in the queue policy that matches the specified Label parameter.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/APIReference/API_RemovePermission.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>PurgeQueue</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  

  <h4> Question: 10 An organization has offices across multiple locations and the technology team has configured an Application Load Balancer across targets in multiple Availability Zones. The team wants to analyze the incoming requests for latencies and the client's IP address patterns.

Which feature of the Load Balancer will help collect the required information? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>ALB access logs</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

ALB access logs - Elastic Load Balancing provides access logs that capture detailed information about requests sent to your load balancer. Each log contains information such as the time the request was received, the client's IP address, latencies, request paths, and server responses. You can use these access logs to analyze traffic patterns and troubleshoot issues. Access logging is an optional feature of Elastic Load Balancing that is disabled by default.

Access logs for your Application Load Balancer:

via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-access-logs.html

Incorrect options:

CloudTrail logs - Elastic Load Balancing is integrated with AWS CloudTrail, a service that provides a record of actions taken by a user, role, or an AWS service in Elastic Load Balancing. CloudTrail captures all API calls for Elastic Load Balancing as events. You can use AWS CloudTrail to capture detailed information about the calls made to the Elastic Load Balancing API and store them as log files in Amazon S3. You can use these CloudTrail logs to determine which API calls were made, the source IP address where the API call came from, who made the call, when the call was made, and so on.

CloudWatch metrics - Elastic Load Balancing publishes data points to Amazon CloudWatch for your load balancers and your targets. CloudWatch enables you to retrieve statistics about those data points as an ordered set of time-series data, known as metrics. You can use metrics to verify that your system is performing as expected. This is the right feature if you wish to track a certain metric.

ALB request tracing - You can use request tracing to track HTTP requests. The load balancer adds a header with a trace identifier to each request it receives. Request tracing will not help you to analyze latency specific data.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-monitoring.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/load-balancer-access-logs.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>ALB request tracing</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>CloudTrail logs</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>CloudWatch metrics</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  

<h4> Question: 11 A development team wants to build an application using serverless architecture. The team plans to use AWS Lambda functions extensively to achieve this goal. The developers of the team work on different programming languages like Python, .NET and Javascript. The team wants to model the cloud infrastructure using any of these programming languages.

Which AWS service/tool should the team use for the given use-case? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>AWS CloudFormation</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS CodeDeploy</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS Serverless Application Model (SAM)</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK)</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK) - The AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK) is an open-source software development framework to define your cloud application resources using familiar programming languages.

Provisioning cloud applications can be a challenging process that requires you to perform manual actions, write custom scripts, maintain templates, or learn domain-specific languages. AWS CDK uses the familiarity and expressive power of programming languages such as JavaScript/TypeScript, Python, Java, and .NET for modeling your applications. It provides you with high-level components called constructs that preconfigure cloud resources with proven defaults, so you can build cloud applications without needing to be an expert. AWS CDK provisions your resources in a safe, repeatable manner through AWS CloudFormation. It also enables you to compose and share your own custom constructs that incorporate your organization's requirements, helping you start new projects faster.

Incorrect options:

AWS CloudFormation - When AWS CDK applications are run, they compile down to fully formed CloudFormation JSON/YAML templates that are then submitted to the CloudFormation service for provisioning. Because the AWS CDK leverages CloudFormation, you still enjoy all the benefits CloudFormation provides such as safe deployment, automatic rollback, and drift detection. But, CloudFormation by itself is not sufficient for the current use case.

AWS Serverless Application Model (SAM) - The AWS Serverless Application Repository is a managed repository for serverless applications. It enables teams, organizations, and individual developers to store and share reusable applications, and easily assemble and deploy serverless architectures in powerful new ways. Using the Serverless Application Repository, you don't need to clone, build, package, or publish source code to AWS before deploying it.

AWS Serverless Application Model and AWS CDK both abstract AWS infrastructure as code making it easier for you to define your cloud infrastructure. If you prefer defining your serverless infrastructure in concise declarative templates, SAM is the better fit. If you want to define your AWS infrastructure in a familiar programming language, as is the requirement in the current use case, AWS CDK is the right fit.

AWS CodeDeploy - AWS CodeDeploy is a fully managed deployment service that automates software deployments to a variety of compute services such as Amazon EC2, AWS Fargate, AWS Lambda, and your on-premises servers. AWS CodeDeploy makes it easier for you to rapidly release new features, helps you avoid downtime during application deployment, and handles the complexity of updating your applications. CodeDeploy can be used with AWS CDK for deployments.

Reference:

https://aws.amazon.com/cdk/faqs/
 </p>
  </details>

<h4> Question: 12 Which of the following security credentials can only be created by the AWS Account root user?  </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>EC2 Instance Key Pairs</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>CloudFront Key Pairs</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

For Amazon CloudFront, you use key pairs to create signed URLs for private content, such as when you want to distribute restricted content that someone paid for.

CloudFront Key Pairs - IAM users can't create CloudFront key pairs. You must log in using root credentials to create key pairs.

To create signed URLs or signed cookies, you need a signer. A signer is either a trusted key group that you create in CloudFront, or an AWS account that contains a CloudFront key pair. AWS recommends that you use trusted key groups with signed URLs and signed cookies instead of using CloudFront key pairs.

Incorrect options:

EC2 Instance Key Pairs - You use key pairs to access Amazon EC2 instances, such as when you use SSH to log in to a Linux instance. These key pairs can be created from the IAM user login and do not need root user access.

IAM User Access Keys - Access keys consist of two parts: an access key ID and a secret access key. You use access keys to sign programmatic requests that you make to AWS if you use AWS CLI commands (using the SDKs) or using AWS API operations. IAM users can create their own Access Keys, does not need root access.

IAM User passwords - Every IAM user has access to his own credentials and can reset the password whenever they need to.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html#access-keys-and-secret-access-keys

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-content-trusted-signers.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>IAM User passwords</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>IAM User Access Keys</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  


## Recap

Based off the previous posts in the series, we have covered the following topics:

- [AWS 1: BookClub Overview](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws/)
- [AWS 2: Getting Started](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-23-aws-2-getting-started/)
- [AWS 3: UI Guide and Walk through](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-27-aws-3-UI-guide-and-walkthrough)
- [AWS 4: IAM Creating Users and Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-28-aws-4-IAM)
- [AWS 5: IAM Policies](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-03-aws-5-IAM-polices)
- [AWS 6: Quiz 1 ](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws-quiz-one)
- [AWS 7: AWS CLI , How to install the CLI](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-10-03-aws-7-cli)
- [AWS 8: Access keys](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-10-03-aws-8-access-keys)
- [AWS 9: AWS roles](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-17-aws-9-roles)
- [AWS 10: EC2 Introduction](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-24-aws-10-EC2/)
- [AWS 11: EC2 View and Instance Types](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-03-aws-11-EC2-View-and-instance-types)
- [AWS 12: Security Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-10-aws-12-security-groups)
- [AWS 13: EC2 SSH-ing into an instance](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-17-aws-13-ssh)
- [AWS 14: Instance Connect](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-24-aws-14-instance-connect)
- [AWS 15: EC2 Purchasing Options](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-31-aws-15-EC2-purchasing-options)
- [AWS 16: EBS Overview and Hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-14-aws-16-EBS-Overview-and-Hands-On)
- [AWS 17: EBS Snapshots](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-21-aws-17-ebs-snapshots)
- [AWS 18: AMI Overview](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-28-aws-18-ami)
- [AWS 19: AMI Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-02-aws-19-AMI-Hands-On)
- [AWS 20: EC2 Instance Stores](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-09-aws-20-EC2-Instance-Store)
- [AWS 21: EBS Volume types](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-16-aws-21-EBS-volume-types)
- [AWS: 22: EBS Multi Attach](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-23-aws-22-EBS-Multi-Attach)
- [AWS: 23: EFS Elastic File System](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-30-aws-23-EFS-Elastic-File-System)
- [AWS 24: EFS Hands On](https://magicishasblog.netlify.app/2023-07-07-aws-24-EFS-Hands-On)
- [AWS 25: EFS vs EBS](https://magicishasblog.netlify.app/2023-07-14-aws-25-EFS-vs-EBS)
- [AWS 26: Quiz 2](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-2/2023-07-21-aws-26-quiz-2/)
- [AWS 27: High availability and Scalability ](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/section6/2023-07-28-high_availability_and_scalability/)
- [AWS 28: Elastic Load Balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-08-11-aws-28-elastic-load-balancing/)
- [AWS 29: Application Load Balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-08-18-aws-29-applicaton-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 30: Alb hands on (part 1)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-08-25-aws-30-alb-hands-on/)
- [AWS 31: Alb hands on (part 2)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-09-01-aws-31-more-on-alb/)
- [AWS 32: Network load balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/NLB/2023-09-09-aws-32-network-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 33: Network load balancer (hands on)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/NLB/2023-09-15-aws-33-network-load-balancer-hands-on/)
- [AWS 34: Gateway load balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/GatewayLoadBalancer/2023-09-22-aws-34-gateway-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 35: ELB Sticky Sessions](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2022-09-29-aws-35-ELB-Sticky-sessions/)
- [AWS 36: Cross Zone Load Balancing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/CrossZoneLoadBalancing/2023-10-06-aws-36-cross-zone-load-balancing/)
- [AWS 37: ALB SSL Cert](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-10-13-aws-37-ALB-SSL-Cert/)
- [AWS 38: ALB SSL Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-10-20-aws-38-ALB-SSL-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 39: Connection Draining](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-27-10-aws-39-connection-draining/)
- [AWS 40: Auto Scaling Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-10-aws-40-Auto-Scaling-Groups/)
- [AWS 41: Auto Scaling Groups : Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-17-aws-41-auto-scaling-groups-hands-on/)
- [AWS 42: Auto Scaling Groups Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-24-aws-42-Auto-Scaling-Groups-Policy/)
- [AWS 43: Auto Scaling Groups Policy - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-01-aws-43-auto-scaling-groups-hands-on/)
- [AWS 44: Auto Scaling Groups - Instant Refresh](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-08-aws-44-auto-scaling-groups-instant-refresh/)
- [AWS 45: Quiz 3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-3/2023-12-15-aws-45-quiz-3/)
- [AWS 46: RDS Relational Database Service](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-22-aws-46-RDS/)
- [AWS 47: RDS Read Replica Multi Az](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-29-12-aws-47-RDS-read-replica-Multi-Az/)
- [AWS 48: RDS Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-05-01-aws-48-RDS-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 49: Amazon Aurora](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-12-aws-49-Amazon-Aurora/)
- [AWS 50: Amazon Aurora: Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-01-19-aws-50-Amazon-Aurora-hands-on/)
- [AWS 51: Amazon RDS and Amazon Aurora Security](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-01-26-aws-51-Amazon-RDS-and-Amazon-Aurora-Security/)
- [AWS 52: RDS Proxy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-02-02-aws-52-RDS-Proxy/)
- [AWS 53: ElastiCache](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-02-09-aws-53-ElastiCache/)
- [AWS 54: ElastiCache: Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/StructuredClone/2024-02-16-aws-54-ElastiCache-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 55: ElastiCache Strategies](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-01-03-aws-55-ElastiCache-Strategies/)
- [AWS 56: Amazon Memory DB for Redis](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-15-aws-56-AmazonMemoryDB-for-Redis/)
- [AWS 57: Quiz 3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-4/2023-03-22-aws-57-quiz-4/)
- [AWS 58: DNS Name](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-03-12-aws-58-DNS-name/)
- [AWS 59: Route 53](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-04-19-aws-Route53-overview/)
- [AWS 60 Route 53 Registering Domain](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-04-26-aws-60-Route53-registering-domain/)
- [AWS 61 Route 53 Creating First Record](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-03-aws-61-Route53-Creating-First-Record/)
- [AWS 62: Setting up an EC2 instance and ALB with Route 53](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-10-aws-62-setting-up-ec2-instances-and-alb-with-route-53/)
- [AWS 63: Route 53 TTL (Time to Live)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-17-aws-63-Route53-TTL/)
- [AWS 64: Route 53 CNAME and alias records](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-07-aws-64-CNAME-alias-records/)
- [AWS 65: Route 53 simple routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-12-07-aws-65-Route53-simple-routing/)
- [AWS 66: Route 53 weighted routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-19-07-aws-route53-weighted-routing/)
- [AWS 67: Route 53 Latency](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-07-26-aws-67-route53-latency-routing/)
- [AWS 67: Route 53 Latency Routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-07-26-aws-67-route53-latency-routing/)
- [AWS 68: Route 53 Health Checks](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-09-08-aws-68-Route-53-Health-checks/)
- [AWS 69: Route 53 Health Checks , Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-08-16-aws-69-Health-checks-hands-on/)
- [AWS 70: Route 53 route policy failover](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-06-09-aws-71-Route-53-Geolocation-Routing/)
- [AWS 71: Route 53 Geolocation Routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-06-09-aws-71-Route-53-Geolocation-Routing/)
- [AWS 72: Route 53 Geoproximity Routing Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-11-09-aws-72-Route-53-Geoproximity-Routing-Policy/)
- [AWS 73: Route 53 Traffic Flow](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-09-20-aws-73-Route-53-Traffic-Flow/)
- [AWS 74: Route 53 IP Routing Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-09-27-aws-74-Route-53-IP-Routing/)
- [AWS 75: Route 53 Multi Value Routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-04-10-aws-75-Route-53-muti-value-routing/)
- [Quiz 5 : Route 53](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-5/quiz-5/)
- [AWS 76: Domain Registar vs DNS Service](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws-76-Domain-registar-vs-dns-service/)
- [AWS 77: VPC intro](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-01-aws-77-VPC-intro/)
- [AWS 78: Understanding AWS VPC and Subnets](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-15-11-aws-78-VPC/)
- [AWS 79: VPC network ACIS and security group](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-22-aws-79-VPC-network-acls-and-security-groups/)
- [AWS 80: VPC Peering](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-11-29-aws-80-VPC-peering/)
- [AWS 81: VPC Round Up](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-10-01-aws-81-vpc-round-up/)
- [AWS 82: Three Tier Architecture](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-17-01-aws-82-three-tier-architecture/)
- [AWS 83: Quiz 6 VPC](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-6/2025-02-24-aws-83-quiz-6/)
- [AWS 84: Amazon S3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-03-14-aws-84-Amazon-s3/)
- [AWS 85: Amazon s3 Hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-03-21-aws-85-Amazon-s3-hands-on/)
- [AWS 86: s3 security bucket policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-28-03-aws-86-s3-security-bucket-policy/)
- [AWS 87: S3 Buckets - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-04-04-aws-87-s3-bucket-hands-on/)
- [AWS 88: S3 Buckets WebHosting](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-04-11-aws-88-s3-buckets-web-hosting/)
- [AWS 89: Amazon S3 Buckets: Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-04-25-aws-89-s3-website-hands-on/)
- [AWS 90: Amazon S3 Buckets: Versioning](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-02-aws-90-S3-versioning/)
- [AWS 91: Amazon S3 Replication](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-09-aws-91-amazon-s3-replication/)
- [AWS 92: Amazon S3 Replication Rules Notes](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-05-16-aws-92-amazon-s3-replication-notes/)
- [AWS 93: Amazon S3 Replication Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-23-aws-93-amazon-s3-replication-rules-hands-on/)
- [AWS 94: Amazon S3 Storage Classes](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-20-aws-94-s3-storage-classes/)
- [AWS 95: Amazon S£ Storage Classes - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-06-13-aws-95-storage-classes-hands-on/)
- [AWS 96: Quiz 7](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-7/2025-07-04-aws-quiz-7/)
- [AWS 97: EC2 Instance Metadata](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-07-11-aws-97-ec2-instance-metadata/)
- [AWS 98: EC2 Instance Metadata hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-18-07-aws-98-ec2-instance-metadata-hands-on/)
- [AWS 99: CLI Profiles](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-25-07-aws-99-cli-profiles/)
- [AWS 100: CLI MFA IAM](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-01-aws-100-CLI-MFA-IAM/)
- [AWS 101: SDK](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-08-aws-101-sdk/)
- [AWS 102: Exponential Backoff & Service Limit Increase](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-15-aws-102-Exponential-Backoff-&-Service-Limit-Increase/)
- [AWS 103: Credentials-and-Provider-Chain](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-22-aws-103-Credentials-and-Provider-Chain/)
- [Quiz 8](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-8/2025-09-05-aws-quiz-8/)
- [AWS 104: SigV4](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-29-aws-104-SigV4/)
- [AWS 105: Amazon s3 lifecycle Rules](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-10-17-aws-105-s3-amazon-lifecycle/)
- [AWS 106: Amazon s3 lifecycle Rules - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-10-24-196-lifecycles-hands-on/)
- [AWS 107: Amazon s3 event notifications](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-10-31-aws-107-aws-S3-event-notification)
- [AWS 108: Event Notifications Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-11-07-aws-108-event-notification-hands-on/)
- [AWS 109: Amazon s3 performance](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-11-14-aws-109-s3-performance/)
- [AWS 110: Quiz 10](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-10/2015-11-28-Quiz-10/) 
- [AWS 111: Object Encryption](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-12-05-aws-111-S3-Object-Encryption/)
- [AWS 112: Cors](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-12-12-aws-112-AWS-Cors/)
- [AWS 113: Cors Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-12-17-aws-113-Cors-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 114: MFA Delete](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-aws-114-MFA-Delete/)
- [AWS 115: MFA Delete Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-01-06-aws-115-MFA-delete-hands-on/)
- [AWS 116: Amazon S3 Access Logs](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-01-16-aws-116-amazon-s3-access-LOGS/)
- [AWS 117: Amazon S3 Access Logs - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-23-01-aws-117-access-logs-hands-on/)
- [AWS 118: Amazon S3 Pre-signed URLS](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-01-30-aws-118-pre-signed-urls/)
- [AWS 119: Amazon S3 Pre-signed URLS Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-06-02-aws-119-pre-signed-urls-hands-on/)
- [AWS 120: Amazon S3 Access Points](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-12-02-13-aws-120-access-points/)
- [AWS 121: Amazon S3 Object lambdas](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-02-20-aws-121-s3-object-lambdas/)
- [AWS 122: Quiz 11: Amazon S3 Security](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-11/2026-02-20-Quiz-11/)
- [AWS 123: Amazon CloudFront](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-06-aws-123-Amazon-CloudFront/)
- [AWS 124: Amazon CloudFront - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-13-aws-124-CloudFront-HandsOn/)
- [AWS 125: CloudFront Caching](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-20-aws-125-Amazon-Cloudfront-Caching/)
- [AWS 126: CloudFront Invalidations](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-27-aws-126-CloudFront-cache-invalidations/)
- [AWS 127: Cache Behaviors](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-04-10-aws-127-CloudFront-Cache-Behaviors/)
- [AWS 128: Quiz 12 Advanced Security](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-12/2026-04-17-Quiz-12/)
- [AWS 129: Quiz 13 Advanced Security Part 2](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-13/2026-04-24-Quiz-13/)
- [AWS 130: Quiz 14 Advanced Security Part 3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-14/2026-05-01-quiz-14/)