---
layout: blog
title: "AWS 129: Quiz 14 ; Amazon Security Advanced Part 3"
date: 2026-04-24T09:26:21.871Z
---



<style>
  .correct{
        color: #9C27B0;
    -webkit-box-shadow: 5px 5px 20px 5px #FF19FD;
    box-shadow: 0px 2px 11px 4px #FF19FD;
    border-radius: 10%;
    margin: 14px;
  }

</style>

## Introduction

A continuation of [Quiz-12](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-12/2026-04-17-Quiz-12/) and [Quiz-13](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-13/2026-04-24-Quiz-13/) focused on Security topics relevant to the **AWS Certified Developer** Associate exam.

## Topics Covered

- [Route 53 Records](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/route53/latest/developerguide/resource-record-sets-choosing-alias-non-alias.html)
- [CloudFormation Pseudo Parameters](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/pseudo-parameter-reference.html)
- [Security Groups and Network ACLs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html)
- [IAM Access Analyzer](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access-analyzer.html)
- [Elastic Load Balancing](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/userguide/how-elastic-load-balancing-works.html)
- [ECS Data Volumes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/using_data_volumes.html)
- [Elastic Beanstalk Rolling Deployments](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/using-features.rolling-version-deploy.html)
- [AWS Elastic Beanstalk](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/concepts.html)
- [CodeBuild Build Timeouts](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codebuild/latest/userguide/builds-working.html)
- [DynamoDB for Idempotent Requests](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/Introduction.html)
- [Elastic Beanstalk Deployment Policies](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/using-features.deploy-existing-version.html)

> 💡 **Tip:** These are questions very similar to the ones you will get in the exam


<h4> Question: 1 An application is hosted by a 3rd party and exposed at yourapp.3rdparty.com. You would like to have your users access your application using www.mydomain.com, which you own and manage under Route 53.

What Route 53 record should you create? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Create an A record</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Create a CNAME record</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

Create a CNAME record

A CNAME record maps DNS queries for the name of the current record, such as acme.example.com, to another domain (example.com or example.net) or subdomain (acme.example.com or zenith.example.org).

CNAME records can be used to map one domain name to another. Although you should keep in mind that the DNS protocol does not allow you to create a CNAME record for the top node of a DNS namespace, also known as the zone apex. For example, if you register the DNS name example.com, the zone apex is example.com. You cannot create a CNAME record for example.com, but you can create CNAME records for www.example.com, newproduct.example.com, and so on.

Please review the major differences between CNAME and Alias Records:

via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/resource-record-sets-choosing-alias-non-alias.html

Incorrect options:

Create an A record - Used to point a domain or subdomain to an IP address. 'A record' cannot be used to map one domain name to another.

Create a PTR record - A Pointer (PTR) record resolves an IP address to a fully-qualified domain name (FQDN) as an opposite to what A record does. PTR records are also called Reverse DNS records. 'PTR record' cannot be used to map one domain name to another.

Create an Alias Record - Alias records let you route traffic to selected AWS resources, such as CloudFront distributions and Amazon S3 buckets. They also let you route traffic from one record in a hosted zone to another record. 3rd party websites do not qualify for these as we have no control over those. 'Alias record' cannot be used to map one domain name to another.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/resource-record-sets-choosing-alias-non-alias.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Create an Alias Record</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Create a PTR record</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 2 Your company has configured AWS Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts. Within each AWS account, there are many CloudFormation scripts running. Your manager has requested that each script output the account number of the account the script was executed in.

Which Pseudo parameter will you use to get this information? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>AWS::AccountId</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

AWS::AccountId

Using CloudFormation, you can create a template that describes all the AWS resources that you want (like Amazon EC2 instances or Amazon RDS DB instances), and AWS CloudFormation takes care of provisioning and configuring those resources for you.

Pseudo parameters are parameters that are predefined by AWS CloudFormation. You do not declare them in your template. Use them the same way as you would a parameter, as the argument for the Ref function.

AWS::AccountId returns the AWS account ID of the account in which the stack is being created.

Incorrect options:

AWS::NoValue - This removes the corresponding resource property when specified as a return value in the Fn::If intrinsic function.

AWS::Region - Returns a string representing the AWS Region in which the encompassing resource is being created, such as us-west-2.

AWS::StackName - Returns the name of the stack as specified with the aws cloudformation create-stack command, such as "teststack".

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/pseudo-parameter-reference.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS::NoValue</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS::Region</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS::StackName</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 2 A development team has configured inbound traffic for the relevant ports in both the Security Group of the EC2 instance as well as the Network Access Control List (NACL) of the subnet for the EC2 instance. The team is, however, unable to connect to the service running on the Amazon EC2 instance.

As a developer associate, which of the following will you recommend to fix this issue? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Rules associated with Network ACLs should never be modified from the command line. An attempt to modify rules from the command line blocks the rule and results in an erratic behavior</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Security Groups are stateful, so allowing inbound traffic to the necessary ports enables the connection. Network ACLs are stateless, so you must allow both inbound and outbound traffic</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

Security Groups are stateful, so allowing inbound traffic to the necessary ports enables the connection. Network ACLs are stateless, so you must allow both inbound and outbound traffic - Security groups are stateful, so allowing inbound traffic to the necessary ports enables the connection. Network ACLs are stateless, so you must allow both inbound and outbound traffic.

To enable the connection to a service running on an instance, the associated network ACL must allow both inbound traffic on the port that the service is listening on as well as allow outbound traffic from ephemeral ports. When a client connects to a server, a random port from the ephemeral port range (1024-65535) becomes the client's source port.

The designated ephemeral port then becomes the destination port for return traffic from the service, so outbound traffic from the ephemeral port must be allowed in the network ACL.

By default, network ACLs allow all inbound and outbound traffic. If your network ACL is more restrictive, then you need to explicitly allow traffic from the ephemeral port range.

If you accept traffic from the internet, then you also must establish a route through an internet gateway. If you accept traffic over VPN or AWS Direct Connect, then you must establish a route through a virtual private gateway.

Incorrect options:

Network ACLs are stateful, so allowing inbound traffic to the necessary ports enables the connection. Security Groups are stateless, so you must allow both inbound and outbound traffic - This is incorrect as already discussed.

IAM Role defined in the Security Group is different from the IAM Role that is given access in the Network ACLs - This is a made-up option and just added as a distractor.

Rules associated with Network ACLs should never be modified from the command line. An attempt to modify rules from the command line blocks the rule and results in an erratic behavior - This option is a distractor. AWS does not support modifying rules of Network ACLs from the command line tool.

Reference:

https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/resolve-connection-sg-acl-inbound/
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>IAM Role defined in the Security Group is different from the IAM Role that is given access in the Network ACLs</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Network ACLs are stateful, so allowing inbound traffic to the necessary ports enables the connection. Security Groups are stateless, so you must allow both inbound and outbound traffic</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 3 A development team lead is responsible for managing access for her IAM principals. At the start of the cycle, she has granted excess privileges to users to keep them motivated for trying new things. She now wants to ensure that the team has only the minimum permissions required to finish their work.

Which of the following will help her identify unused IAM roles and remove them without disrupting any service? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>AWS Trusted Advisor</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>IAM Access Analyzer</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

IAM Access Analyzer

IAM Access Analyzer simplifies inspecting unused access to guide you toward least privilege. Security teams can use IAM Access Analyzer to gain visibility into unused access across their AWS organization and automate how they rightsize permissions. When the unused access analyzer is enabled, IAM Access Analyzer continuously analyzes your accounts to identify unused access and creates a centralized dashboard with findings. The findings highlight unused roles, unused access keys for IAM users, and unused passwords for IAM users. For active IAM roles and users, the findings provide visibility into unused services and actions.

Incorrect options:

AWS Trusted Advisor - AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides you real-time guidance to help you provision your resources following AWS best practices on cost optimization, security, fault tolerance, service limits, and performance improvement.

Amazon Inspector - Amazon Inspector is an automated security assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed on AWS. Amazon Inspector automatically assesses applications for exposure, vulnerabilities, and deviations from best practices.

AWS Security Hub - AWS Security Hub provides you with a comprehensive view of your security state in AWS and helps you assess your AWS environment against security industry standards and best practices.

Reference:

https://aws.amazon.com/iam/access-analyzer/
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS Security Hub</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Amazon Inspector</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 4 An organization has hosted its EC2 instances in two AZs. AZ1 has two instances and AZ2 has 8 instances. The Elastic Load Balancer managing the instances in the two AZs has cross-zone load balancing enabled in its configuration.

What percentage traffic will each of the instances in AZ1 receive? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>10</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

A load balancer accepts incoming traffic from clients and routes requests to its registered targets (such as EC2 instances) in one or more Availability Zones.

The nodes for a load balancer distribute requests from clients to registered targets. When cross-zone load balancing is enabled, each load balancer node distributes traffic across the registered targets in all enabled Availability Zones. When cross-zone load balancing is disabled, each load balancer node distributes traffic only across the registered targets in its Availability Zone. With Application Load Balancers, cross-zone load balancing is always enabled.

10 - When cross-zone load balancing is enabled, each of the 10 targets receives 10% of the traffic. This is because each load balancer node can route its 50% of the client traffic to all 10 targets (present in both AZs).

Cross-Zone Load Balancing Overview:

via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/userguide/how-elastic-load-balancing-works.html

Incorrect options:

25 - If cross-zone load balancing is disabled, each of the two targets in AZ1 will receive 25% of the traffic. Because the load balancer is only able to send to the targets registered in AZ1 (AZ2 instances are not accessible for load balancer on AZ1)

20 - Invalid option, given only as a distractor.

15 - Invalid option, given only as a distractor.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/userguide/how-elastic-load-balancing-works.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>20</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>15</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>25</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
<h4> Question: 5 ECS Fargate container tasks are usually spread across Availability Zones (AZs) and the underlying workloads need persistent cross-AZ shared access to the data volumes configured for the container tasks.

Which of the following solutions is the best choice for these workloads? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Bind mounts</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>AWS Gateway Storage volumes</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Amazon EFS volumes</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

Amazon EFS volumes - EFS volumes provide a simple, scalable, and persistent file storage for use with your Amazon ECS tasks. With Amazon EFS, storage capacity is elastic, growing and shrinking automatically as you add and remove files. Your applications can have the storage they need, when they need it. Amazon EFS volumes are supported for tasks hosted on Fargate or Amazon EC2 instances.

You can use Amazon EFS file systems with Amazon ECS to export file system data across your fleet of container instances. That way, your tasks have access to the same persistent storage, no matter the instance on which they land. However, you must configure your container instance AMI to mount the Amazon EFS file system before the Docker daemon starts. Also, your task definitions must reference volume mounts on the container instance to use the file system.

Incorrect options:

Docker volumes -  A Docker-managed volume that is created under /var/lib/docker/volumes on the host Amazon EC2 instance. Docker volume drivers (also referred to as plugins) are used to integrate the volumes with external storage systems, such as Amazon EBS. The built-in local volume driver or a third-party volume driver can be used. Docker volumes are only supported when running tasks on Amazon EC2 instances.

Bind mounts - A file or directory on the host, such as an Amazon EC2 instance or AWS Fargate, is mounted into a container. Bind mount host volumes are supported for tasks hosted on Fargate or Amazon EC2 instances. Bind mounts provide temporary storage, and hence these are a wrong choice for this use case.

AWS Storage Gateway volumes - This is an incorrect choice, given only as a distractor.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/using_data_volumes.html

https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/amazon-ecs-availability-best-practices/
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Docker volumes</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 6 When running a Rolling deployment in Elastic Beanstalk environment, only two batches completed the deployment successfully, while rest of the batches failed to deploy the updated version. Following this, the development team terminated the instances from the failed deployment.

What will be the status of these failed instances post termination? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Elastic Beanstalk will replace the failed instances with instances running the application version from the oldest successful deployment</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Elastic Beanstalk will not replace the failed instances</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Elastic Beanstalk will replace the failed instances after the application version to be installed is manually chosen from AWS Console</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Elastic Beanstalk will replace the failed instances with instances running the application version from the most recent successful deployment</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

Elastic Beanstalk will replace them with instances running the application version from the most recent successful deployment

When processing a batch, Elastic Beanstalk detaches all instances in the batch from the load balancer, deploys the new application version, and then reattaches the instances. If you enable connection draining, Elastic Beanstalk drains existing connections from the Amazon EC2 instances in each batch before beginning the deployment.

If a deployment fails after one or more batches completed successfully, the completed batches run the new version of your application while any pending batches continue to run the old version. You can identify the version running on the instances in your environment on the health page in the console. This page displays the deployment ID of the most recent deployment that was executed on each instance in your environment. If you terminate instances from the failed deployment, Elastic Beanstalk replaces them with instances running the application version from the most recent successful deployment.

Incorrect options:

Elastic Beanstalk will not replace the failed instances

Elastic Beanstalk will replace the failed instances with instances running the application version from the oldest successful deployment

Elastic Beanstalk will replace the failed instances after the application version to be installed is manually chosen from AWS Console

These three options contradict the explanation provided above, so these options are incorrect.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/using-features.rolling-version-deploy.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 7 A developer has been asked to create a web application to be deployed on EC2 instances. The developer just wants to focus on writing application code without worrying about server provisioning, configuration and deployment.

As a Developer Associate, which AWS service would you recommend for the given use-case? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>CloudFormation</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>CodeDeploy</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Elastic Beanstalk</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

Elastic Beanstalk

AWS Elastic Beanstalk provides an environment to easily deploy and run applications in the cloud. It is integrated with developer tools and provides a one-stop experience for you to manage the lifecycle of your applications.

AWS Elastic Beanstalk lets you manage all of the resources that run your application as environments where each environment runs only a single application version at a time. When an environment is being created, Elastic Beanstalk provisions all the required resources needed to run the application version. You don't need to worry about server provisioning, configuration, and deployment as that's taken care of by Beanstalk.

Benefits of Elastic Beanstalk:

via - https://aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/

Incorrect options:

CloudFormation - AWS CloudFormation is a service that gives developers and businesses an easy way to create a collection of related AWS and third-party resources and provision them in an orderly and predictable fashion. With CloudFormation, you still need to create a template to specify the type of resources you need, hence this option is not correct.

How CloudFormation Works:

via - https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/

CodeDeploy - AWS CodeDeploy is a fully managed deployment service that automates software deployments to a variety of compute services such as Amazon EC2, AWS Fargate, AWS Lambda, and your on-premises servers. AWS CodeDeploy makes it easier for you to rapidly release new features, helps you avoid downtime during application deployment, and handles the complexity of updating your applications. It can deploy an application to an instance but it cannot provision the instance.

Serverless Application Model - The AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM) is an open-source framework for building serverless applications. It provides shorthand syntax to express functions, APIs, databases, and event source mappings. You define the application you want with just a few lines per resource and model it using YAML. As the web application needs to be deployed on EC2 instances, so this option is ruled out.

References:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/concepts.html

https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Serverless Application Model</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 8 After a test deployment in ElasticBeanstalk environment, a developer noticed that all accumulated Amazon EC2 burst balances were lost.

Which of the following options can lead to this behavior? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>When a canary deployment fails, it resets the EC2 burst balances to zero</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>The deployment was run as a Rolling deployment, resulting in the resetting of EC2 burst balances</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>The deployment was either run with immutable updates or in traffic splitting mode</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

The deployment was either run with immutable updates or in traffic splitting mode - Immutable deployments perform an immutable update to launch a full set of new instances running the new version of the application in a separate Auto Scaling group, alongside the instances running the old version. Immutable deployments can prevent issues caused by partially completed rolling deployments.

Traffic-splitting deployments let you perform canary testing as part of your application deployment. In a traffic-splitting deployment, Elastic Beanstalk launches a full set of new instances just like during an immutable deployment. It then forwards a specified percentage of incoming client traffic to the new application version for a specified evaluation period.

Some policies replace all instances during the deployment or update. This causes all accumulated Amazon EC2 burst balances to be lost. It happens in the following cases:


Managed platform updates with instance replacement enabled
Immutable updates
Deployments with immutable updates or traffic splitting enabled


Incorrect options:

The deployment was run as a Rolling deployment, resulting in the resetting of EC2 burst balances - With rolling deployments, Elastic Beanstalk splits the environment's Amazon EC2 instances into batches and deploys the new version of the application to one batch at a time. Rolling deployments do not result in loss of EC2 burst balances.

The deployment was run as a All-at-once deployment, flushing all the accumulated EC2 burst balances - The traditional All-at-once deployment, wherein all the instances are updated simultaneously, does not result in loss of EC2 burst balances.

When a canary deployment fails, it resets the EC2 burst balances to zero - This is incorrect and given only as a distractor.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/using-features.rolling-version-deploy.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>The deployment was run as a All-at-once deployment, flushing all the accumulated EC2 burst balances</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 9 You're a developer working on a large scale order processing application. After developing the features, you commit your code to AWS CodeCommit and begin building the project with AWS CodeBuild before it gets deployed to the server. The build is taking too long and the error points to an issue resolving dependencies from a third-party. You would like to prevent a build running this long in the future for similar underlying reasons.

Which of the following options represents the best solution to address this use-case? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Enable CodeBuild timeouts</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

Enable CodeBuild timeouts

A build represents a set of actions performed by AWS CodeBuild to create output artifacts (for example, a JAR file) based on a set of input artifacts (for example, a collection of Java class files).

The following rules apply when you run multiple builds:

When possible, builds run concurrently. The maximum number of concurrently running builds can vary.

Builds are queued if the number of concurrently running builds reaches its limit. The maximum number of builds in a queue is five times the concurrent build limit.

A build in a queue that does not start after the number of minutes specified in its time out value is removed from the queue. The default timeout value is eight hours. You can override the build queue timeout with a value between five minutes and eight hours when you run your build.

By setting the timeout configuration, the build process will automatically terminate post the expiry of the configured timeout.

Incorrect options:

Use AWS Lambda - AWS Lambda lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. You pay only for the compute time you consume. Lambda cannot be used to impact the code build process.

Use Amazon CloudWatch - Amazon CloudWatch allows you to monitor AWS cloud resources and the applications you run on AWS. Metrics are provided automatically for a number of AWS products and services. CloudWatch is good for monitoring and viewing logs. CloudWatch cannot be used to impact the code build process.

Use VPC Flow Logs - VPC Flow Logs is a feature that enables you to capture information about the IP traffic going to and from network interfaces in your VPC but not for code compiling configuration. VPC Flow Logs cannot be used to impact the code build process.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codebuild/latest/userguide/builds-working.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use VPC Flow Logs</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use AWS Lambda</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Use Amazon CloudWatch</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 10 A company is creating a gaming application that will be deployed on mobile devices. The application will send data to a Lambda function-based RESTful API. The application will assign each API request a unique identifier. The volume of API requests from the application can randomly vary at any given time of day. During request throttling, the application might need to retry requests. The API must be able to address duplicate requests without inconsistencies or data loss.

Which of the following would you recommend to handle these requirements? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Persist the unique identifier for each request in a DynamoDB table. Change the Lambda function to check the table for the identifier before processing the request</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

Persist the unique identifier for each request in a DynamoDB table. Change the Lambda function to check the table for the identifier before processing the request

DynamoDB is a fully managed, serverless, key-value NoSQL database designed to run high-performance applications at any scale. DynamoDB offers built-in security, continuous backups, automated multi-Region replication, in-memory caching, and data import and export tools. On-demand backup and restore allows you to create full backups of your DynamoDB. Point-in-time recovery (PITR) helps protect your DynamoDB tables from accidental write or delete operations. PITR provides continuous backups of your DynamoDB table data, and you can restore that table to any point in time up to the second during the preceding 35 days.

These features ensure that there is no data loss for the application, thereby meeting a key requirement for the given use case. The solution should also be able to address any duplicate requests without inconsistencies, so the Lambda function should be changed to inspect the table for the given identifier and process the request only if the identifier is unique.

DynamoDB Overview:

via - https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/

DynamoDB

Incorrect options:

Persist the unique identifier for each request in an ElastiCache for Memcached cache. Change the Lambda function to check the cache for the identifier before processing the request -  Memcached is designed for simplicity and it does not offer any snapshot or replication features. This can lead to data loss for applications. Therefore, this option is not the right fit for the given use case.


via - https://aws.amazon.com/elasticache/redis-vs-memcached/

Persist the unique identifier for each request in an RDS MySQL table. Change the Lambda function to check the table for the identifier before processing the request - DynamoDB is a better fit than RDS MySQL to handle massive traffic spikes for write requests. DynamoDB is a key-value and document database that supports tables of virtually any size with horizontal scaling. DynamoDB scales to more than 10 trillion requests per day and with tables that have more than ten million read and write requests per second and petabytes of data storage. DynamoDB can be used to build applications that need consistent single-digit millisecond performance. MySQL RDS can be scaled vertically, however, it cannot match the performance benefits offered by DynamoDB for the given use case.

Persist the unique identifier for each request in a DynamoDB table. Change the Lambda function to send a client error response when the function receives a duplicate request - The solution should be able to address any duplicates without any inconsistencies. If Lambda sends a client error response upon receiving a duplicate request, it represents an inconsistent response. So this option is incorrect.

References:

https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/

https://aws.amazon.com/elasticache/redis-vs-memcached/
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Persist the unique identifier for each request in an RDS MySQL table. Change the Lambda function to check the table for the identifier before processing the request</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Persist the unique identifier for each request in a DynamoDB table. Change the Lambda function to send a client error response when the function receives a duplicate request</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Persist the unique identifier for each request in an ElastiCache for Memcached cache. Change the Lambda function to check the cache for the identifier before processing the request</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <h4> Question: 11 As an AWS Certified Developer Associate, you have been asked to create an AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment to handle deployment for an application that has high traffic and high availability needs. You need to deploy the new version using Beanstalk while making sure that performance and availability are not affected.

Which of the following is the MOST optimal way to do this while keeping the solution cost-effective? </h4>
    
  <details>
  <summary>Deploy using 'Immutable' deployment policy</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Deploy using 'Rolling' deployment policy</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Deploy using 'Rolling with additional batch' deployment policy</summary>
  <p><span class="correct">Correct:</span> :

AWS Elastic Beanstalk offers several deployment policies and settings. Choosing the right deployment policy for your application is a tradeoff based on a few considerations and depends on your business needs.

Deploy using 'Rolling with additional batch' deployment policy - With this method, Elastic Beanstalk launches an extra batch of instances, then performs a rolling deployment. Launching the extra batch takes time, and ensures that the same bandwidth is retained throughout the deployment. This policy also avoids any reduced availability, although at a cost of an even longer deployment time compared to the Rolling method. Finally, this option is suitable if you must maintain the same bandwidth throughout the deployment.

Overview of Elastic Beanstalk Deployment Policies:

via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/using-features.deploy-existing-version.html

Incorrect options:

Deploy using 'Immutable' deployment policy - A slower deployment method, that ensures your new application version is always deployed to new instances, instead of updating existing instances. It also has the additional advantage of a quick and safe rollback in case the deployment fails. With this method, Elastic Beanstalk performs an immutable update to deploy your application. In an immutable update, a second Auto Scaling group is launched in your environment and the new version serves traffic alongside the old version until the new instances pass health checks.

Deploy using 'All at once' deployment policy - This is the quickest deployment method. Suitable if you can accept a short loss of service, and if quick deployments are important to you. With this method, Elastic Beanstalk deploys the new application version to each instance. Then, the web proxy or application server might need to restart. As a result, your application might be unavailable to users (or have low availability) for a short time.

Deploy using 'Rolling' deployment policy - With this method, your application is deployed to your environment one batch of instances at a time. Most bandwidth is retained throughout the deployment. Avoids downtime and minimizes reduced availability, at a cost of a longer deployment time. Suitable if you can't accept any period of completely lost service. The use case states that the application has high traffic and high availability requirements, so full capacity must be maintained during deployments, hence rolling with additional batch deployment is a better fit than the rolling deployment.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/using-features.deploy-existing-version.html
 </p>
  </details>
  
  <details>
  <summary>Deploy using 'All at once' deployment policy</summary>
  <p><span class="incorrect">Incorrect </span> </p>
  </details>
  
How did you do? 

## Recap

Based off the previous posts in the series, we have covered the following topics:

- [AWS 1: BookClub Overview](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws/)
- [AWS 2: Getting Started](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-23-aws-2-getting-started/)
- [AWS 3: UI Guide and Walk through](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-27-aws-3-UI-guide-and-walkthrough)
- [AWS 4: IAM Creating Users and Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-28-aws-4-IAM)
- [AWS 5: IAM Policies](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-03-aws-5-IAM-polices)
- [AWS 6: Quiz 1 ](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws-quiz-one)
- [AWS 7: AWS CLI , How to install the CLI](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-10-03-aws-7-cli)
- [AWS 8: Access keys](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-10-03-aws-8-access-keys)
- [AWS 9: AWS roles](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-17-aws-9-roles)
- [AWS 10: EC2 Introduction](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-02-24-aws-10-EC2/)
- [AWS 11: EC2 View and Instance Types](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-03-aws-11-EC2-View-and-instance-types)
- [AWS 12: Security Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-10-aws-12-security-groups)
- [AWS 13: EC2 SSH-ing into an instance](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-17-aws-13-ssh)
- [AWS 14: Instance Connect](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-24-aws-14-instance-connect)
- [AWS 15: EC2 Purchasing Options](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-31-aws-15-EC2-purchasing-options)
- [AWS 16: EBS Overview and Hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-14-aws-16-EBS-Overview-and-Hands-On)
- [AWS 17: EBS Snapshots](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-21-aws-17-ebs-snapshots)
- [AWS 18: AMI Overview](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-04-28-aws-18-ami)
- [AWS 19: AMI Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-02-aws-19-AMI-Hands-On)
- [AWS 20: EC2 Instance Stores](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-09-aws-20-EC2-Instance-Store)
- [AWS 21: EBS Volume types](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-16-aws-21-EBS-volume-types)
- [AWS: 22: EBS Multi Attach](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-23-aws-22-EBS-Multi-Attach)
- [AWS: 23: EFS Elastic File System](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-06-30-aws-23-EFS-Elastic-File-System)
- [AWS 24: EFS Hands On](https://magicishasblog.netlify.app/2023-07-07-aws-24-EFS-Hands-On)
- [AWS 25: EFS vs EBS](https://magicishasblog.netlify.app/2023-07-14-aws-25-EFS-vs-EBS)
- [AWS 26: Quiz 2](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-2/2023-07-21-aws-26-quiz-2/)
- [AWS 27: High availability and Scalability ](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/section6/2023-07-28-high_availability_and_scalability/)
- [AWS 28: Elastic Load Balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-08-11-aws-28-elastic-load-balancing/)
- [AWS 29: Application Load Balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-08-18-aws-29-applicaton-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 30: Alb hands on (part 1)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-08-25-aws-30-alb-hands-on/)
- [AWS 31: Alb hands on (part 2)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ApplicationLoadBalancer/2023-09-01-aws-31-more-on-alb/)
- [AWS 32: Network load balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/NLB/2023-09-09-aws-32-network-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 33: Network load balancer (hands on)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/NLB/2023-09-15-aws-33-network-load-balancer-hands-on/)
- [AWS 34: Gateway load balancer](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/GatewayLoadBalancer/2023-09-22-aws-34-gateway-load-balancer/)
- [AWS 35: ELB Sticky Sessions](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2022-09-29-aws-35-ELB-Sticky-sessions/)
- [AWS 36: Cross Zone Load Balancing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/CrossZoneLoadBalancing/2023-10-06-aws-36-cross-zone-load-balancing/)
- [AWS 37: ALB SSL Cert](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-10-13-aws-37-ALB-SSL-Cert/)
- [AWS 38: ALB SSL Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/ElasticLoadBalancing/2023-10-20-aws-38-ALB-SSL-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 39: Connection Draining](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-27-10-aws-39-connection-draining/)
- [AWS 40: Auto Scaling Groups](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-10-aws-40-Auto-Scaling-Groups/)
- [AWS 41: Auto Scaling Groups : Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-17-aws-41-auto-scaling-groups-hands-on/)
- [AWS 42: Auto Scaling Groups Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-24-aws-42-Auto-Scaling-Groups-Policy/)
- [AWS 43: Auto Scaling Groups Policy - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-01-aws-43-auto-scaling-groups-hands-on/)
- [AWS 44: Auto Scaling Groups - Instant Refresh](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-08-aws-44-auto-scaling-groups-instant-refresh/)
- [AWS 45: Quiz 3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-3/2023-12-15-aws-45-quiz-3/)
- [AWS 46: RDS Relational Database Service](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-12-22-aws-46-RDS/)
- [AWS 47: RDS Read Replica Multi Az](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-29-12-aws-47-RDS-read-replica-Multi-Az/)
- [AWS 48: RDS Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-05-01-aws-48-RDS-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 49: Amazon Aurora](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-01-12-aws-49-Amazon-Aurora/)
- [AWS 50: Amazon Aurora: Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-01-19-aws-50-Amazon-Aurora-hands-on/)
- [AWS 51: Amazon RDS and Amazon Aurora Security](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-01-26-aws-51-Amazon-RDS-and-Amazon-Aurora-Security/)
- [AWS 52: RDS Proxy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-02-02-aws-52-RDS-Proxy/)
- [AWS 53: ElastiCache](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-02-09-aws-53-ElastiCache/)
- [AWS 54: ElastiCache: Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/StructuredClone/2024-02-16-aws-54-ElastiCache-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 55: ElastiCache Strategies](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-01-03-aws-55-ElastiCache-Strategies/)
- [AWS 56: Amazon Memory DB for Redis](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-03-15-aws-56-AmazonMemoryDB-for-Redis/)
- [AWS 57: Quiz 3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-4/2023-03-22-aws-57-quiz-4/)
- [AWS 58: DNS Name](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-03-12-aws-58-DNS-name/)
- [AWS 59: Route 53](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-04-19-aws-Route53-overview/)
- [AWS 60 Route 53 Registering Domain](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-04-26-aws-60-Route53-registering-domain/)
- [AWS 61 Route 53 Creating First Record](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-03-aws-61-Route53-Creating-First-Record/)
- [AWS 62: Setting up an EC2 instance and ALB with Route 53](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-10-aws-62-setting-up-ec2-instances-and-alb-with-route-53/)
- [AWS 63: Route 53 TTL (Time to Live)](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-17-aws-63-Route53-TTL/)
- [AWS 64: Route 53 CNAME and alias records](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-05-07-aws-64-CNAME-alias-records/)
- [AWS 65: Route 53 simple routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-12-07-aws-65-Route53-simple-routing/)
- [AWS 66: Route 53 weighted routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-19-07-aws-route53-weighted-routing/)
- [AWS 67: Route 53 Latency](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-07-26-aws-67-route53-latency-routing/)
- [AWS 67: Route 53 Latency Routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-07-26-aws-67-route53-latency-routing/)
- [AWS 68: Route 53 Health Checks](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-09-08-aws-68-Route-53-Health-checks/)
- [AWS 69: Route 53 Health Checks , Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-08-16-aws-69-Health-checks-hands-on/)
- [AWS 70: Route 53 route policy failover](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-06-09-aws-71-Route-53-Geolocation-Routing/)
- [AWS 71: Route 53 Geolocation Routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-06-09-aws-71-Route-53-Geolocation-Routing/)
- [AWS 72: Route 53 Geoproximity Routing Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-11-09-aws-72-Route-53-Geoproximity-Routing-Policy/)
- [AWS 73: Route 53 Traffic Flow](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-09-20-aws-73-Route-53-Traffic-Flow/)
- [AWS 74: Route 53 IP Routing Policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-09-27-aws-74-Route-53-IP-Routing/)
- [AWS 75: Route 53 Multi Value Routing](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-04-10-aws-75-Route-53-muti-value-routing/)
- [Quiz 5 : Route 53](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-5/quiz-5/)
- [AWS 76: Domain Registar vs DNS Service](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/aws-76-Domain-registar-vs-dns-service/)
- [AWS 77: VPC intro](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-01-aws-77-VPC-intro/)
- [AWS 78: Understanding AWS VPC and Subnets](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-15-11-aws-78-VPC/)
- [AWS 79: VPC network ACIS and security group](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-11-22-aws-79-VPC-network-acls-and-security-groups/)
- [AWS 80: VPC Peering](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-11-29-aws-80-VPC-peering/)
- [AWS 81: VPC Round Up](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2024-10-01-aws-81-vpc-round-up/)
- [AWS 82: Three Tier Architecture](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-17-01-aws-82-three-tier-architecture/)
- [AWS 83: Quiz 6 VPC](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-6/2025-02-24-aws-83-quiz-6/)
- [AWS 84: Amazon S3](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-03-14-aws-84-Amazon-s3/)
- [AWS 85: Amazon s3 Hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-03-21-aws-85-Amazon-s3-hands-on/)
- [AWS 86: s3 security bucket policy](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-28-03-aws-86-s3-security-bucket-policy/)
- [AWS 87: S3 Buckets - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-04-04-aws-87-s3-bucket-hands-on/)
- [AWS 88: S3 Buckets WebHosting](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-04-11-aws-88-s3-buckets-web-hosting/)
- [AWS 89: Amazon S3 Buckets: Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-04-25-aws-89-s3-website-hands-on/)
- [AWS 90: Amazon S3 Buckets: Versioning](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-02-aws-90-S3-versioning/)
- [AWS 91: Amazon S3 Replication](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-09-aws-91-amazon-s3-replication/)
- [AWS 92: Amazon S3 Replication Rules Notes](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-05-16-aws-92-amazon-s3-replication-notes/)
- [AWS 93: Amazon S3 Replication Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-23-aws-93-amazon-s3-replication-rules-hands-on/)
- [AWS 94: Amazon S3 Storage Classes](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-05-20-aws-94-s3-storage-classes/)
- [AWS 95: Amazon S£ Storage Classes - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-06-13-aws-95-storage-classes-hands-on/)
- [AWS 96: Quiz 7](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-7/2025-07-04-aws-quiz-7/)
- [AWS 97: EC2 Instance Metadata](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-07-11-aws-97-ec2-instance-metadata/)
- [AWS 98: EC2 Instance Metadata hands on](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-18-07-aws-98-ec2-instance-metadata-hands-on/)
- [AWS 99: CLI Profiles](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-25-07-aws-99-cli-profiles/)
- [AWS 100: CLI MFA IAM](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-01-aws-100-CLI-MFA-IAM/)
- [AWS 101: SDK](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-08-aws-101-sdk/)
- [AWS 102: Exponential Backoff & Service Limit Increase](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-15-aws-102-Exponential-Backoff-&-Service-Limit-Increase/)
- [AWS 103: Credentials-and-Provider-Chain](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-22-aws-103-Credentials-and-Provider-Chain/)
- [Quiz 8](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-8/2025-09-05-aws-quiz-8/)
- [AWS 104: SigV4](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-08-29-aws-104-SigV4/)
- [AWS 105: Amazon s3 lifecycle Rules](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-10-17-aws-105-s3-amazon-lifecycle/)
- [AWS 106: Amazon s3 lifecycle Rules - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-10-24-196-lifecycles-hands-on/)
- [AWS 107: Amazon s3 event notifications](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-10-31-aws-107-aws-S3-event-notification)
- [AWS 108: Event Notifications Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-11-07-aws-108-event-notification-hands-on/)
- [AWS 109: Amazon s3 performance](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-11-14-aws-109-s3-performance/)
- [AWS 110: Quiz 10](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-10/2015-11-28-Quiz-10/) 
- [AWS 111: Object Encryption](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-12-05-aws-111-S3-Object-Encryption/)
- [AWS 112: Cors](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-12-12-aws-112-AWS-Cors/)
- [AWS 113: Cors Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-12-17-aws-113-Cors-Hands-On/)
- [AWS 114: MFA Delete](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2025-aws-114-MFA-Delete/)
- [AWS 115: MFA Delete Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-01-06-aws-115-MFA-delete-hands-on/)
- [AWS 116: Amazon S3 Access Logs](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-01-16-aws-116-amazon-s3-access-LOGS/)
- [AWS 117: Amazon S3 Access Logs - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2023-23-01-aws-117-access-logs-hands-on/)
- [AWS 118: Amazon S3 Pre-signed URLS](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-01-30-aws-118-pre-signed-urls/)
- [AWS 119: Amazon S3 Pre-signed URLS Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-06-02-aws-119-pre-signed-urls-hands-on/)
- [AWS 120: Amazon S3 Access Points](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-12-02-13-aws-120-access-points/)
- [AWS 121: Amazon S3 Object lambdas](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-02-20-aws-121-s3-object-lambdas/)
- [AWS 122: Quiz 11: Amazon S3 Security](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-11/2026-02-20-Quiz-11/)
- [AWS 123: Amazon CloudFront](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-06-aws-123-Amazon-CloudFront/)
- [AWS 124: Amazon CloudFront - Hands On](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-13-aws-124-CloudFront-HandsOn/)
- [AWS 125: CloudFront Caching](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-20-aws-125-Amazon-Cloudfront-Caching/)
- [AWS 126: CloudFront Invalidations](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-03-27-aws-126-CloudFront-cache-invalidations/)
- [AWS 127: Cache Behaviors](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/2026-04-10-aws-127-CloudFront-Cache-Behaviors/)
- [AWS 128: Quiz 12 Advanced Security](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-12/2026-04-17-Quiz-12/)
- [AWS 129: Quiz 13 Advanced Security Part 2](https://magicishaqblog.netlify.app/quiz-13/2026-04-24-Quiz-13/)